 i am a former student i was trying to use the classes for requirement credit but the cc says aiu online lost accrediation for when i went to the school jared.norman3 im tring to get into a nursing school now its ether jared.norman@gmail.com or wtigerjn@gmail.com i have them already figure out why im having the accreditation problem the counceler informed me that aiu online lost accreditaion in 2008 is the online out of illionis so that my be it which accrditing body ok maybe ill need to go to a different school the college told me only the last 4 class i took were accredited is their anything i can do about getting the other classes accredited ok thanks thank u ill call on sat
 U welcome.I'm currently a student@AIU.I'm having a little bit of trouble&was wondering if u cld help me out???? I'm trying to find when I will be getting funds back on my card.I would like to know will it show the datesand times????I don't understand when it says after a certain semesterwhat have you. A friend of mine You next classes start July4th crrt I'm srrybut I can't jus'give out they personal information like that.What kind of friend would I b.I'm srrythey'll have to get ahld of y'all.
 Want let me login using my password  and usename No not yet Criminal justice Willie Anderson  willieanderson3794@yahoo.com 9014635915 Ok good No one Ok
 When does school start? Yes Law Yes I'm done with high school Name- Jamia Reliford Cell Phone- (708)731-6266 Emal- jamyareliford16@gmail.com No one Can I give you another number (708)411-5242 Are you sure Okay sure calling now
 I need scholarship aid form you Thank you I need your support more for scholarship in organizational leadership PhD If not I need curriculum master scholarship How can I join financial aid department? Thanks please page email and their full name
 i NEED ACCESS TO MY RECORDS BUT MY EMAIL ADDRESS HAS CHANGED. ok thanks
 Hi Paul We are.in the Philippines.we re Filipinos.can we be.admitted.to n HRM.online.courses? Actually my.niece.is.the.one.interested. She.is incoming 2nd year college.in.one.of the colleges.in the Philippines Shes.having hard.time.going to.school personally because.of health.concern. so we are looking for an online education PHILIPPINES. FILIPINO
 I'm trying to obtain the student account number No I'm a past student.
 I was talking to u earlier about  my identity being stolen I believe someone may have gotten a student loan in my name?? I'm not sure Anyway how can I  get a govt grant Is that who I need to contact about getting a grant No ma'am Ok thank you No I would prefer to apply for student aid firsr Thanks
 Hi I want to enroll Are you there Online Healthcare management High school diploma Tara Rupp 9895014368 tearbear_blue7@yahoo.com Ok No one I can think right now Hang on
 Student ID 26093184 Thanks Getting ready for class tomorrow
 How can I return my degree it's worthless?
 hello I use to be a previous student there and I was looking to re-enroll Wynton Henderson wyntonhenderson@gmail.com old number use to be 662-570-3038 and my new number is 702-321-4752 What time do you all close oh ok well call me tomorrow around 5 PM CST ok thank you No one else right now ok you have a great night too
 Good morning.  Do you have a mailing address for the Online School?  I am an alumnus and filling out an application for employment. That’ll do. Thank you! I know a few people that may. I’ll see what I can do.
 Hi Veronica Online only I am active duty I was a previous student I last attended in 2015 I believe. No I didn't Willie Holden 480-579-8218 willie.holden@outlook.com after 5pm central time ok thank you
 i need a direct number for  the prior learning dept ok thnx
 My name is Lakisha Cox and I used to study online for my associates in business administration with AIU in Houston. I cant remember my information seeing as it was a few years ago. I wanted to finish. Either or is fine with me. Although I do have a slight hearing impairment so online would be better I think. Will it be okay to have someone help me? Interpret for me? Of course. I have a few numbers I could be reached at...just in case. Main number is 8328964624 Secondary is 8323434666. Email is lakishac333@gmail.com Hello? helloooooooooo Kristie are you still there? multi-tasking...busy busy busy. lol sometime in the evening would suffice thank you 7:30 no thank you for your assistance nope
 I’m not sure. I’m trying to finish my application but it won’t accept my e  signature Yes ma’am. He’s supposed to call me back in an hour. I will just email him back. Thank you Great! Thank you
 Good morning
 Hi I’m a graduate of le cordón Bleu I’m working at a restaurant in the Bay Area we are wondering if you have students looking for internships Ok thanks
 atlanta i would like to know more about the culinary program
 Hi Robin. Online I am considering AIU. Looking into an Accounting degree. Do you have an associates path for this? I'm not wanting to do business admin Not sure what you are asking in regard to taking AABA first prior to BAcc (not sure what that is.)
 hello
 online I will be graduatin gin August with a bachelors in religion and I'm looking to see what Master's degree Might be complimentary to mydegree in religion ok thank you
 Hi Arica My name is James.Keller61 My Current Professor replied email me and stated to request extra time for completing assignments i need to contact immeidately the vp for studnet affairs. I had Special Accommodations and now have new s.a and mr neil spector is out of office ok thanks arica
 Online Business Monika Freeman 6152002442 monikafreeman42@gmail.com Yes Have i fill out the application right Ok
 Hi Im looking into audio and sound recording. Do you know the start date for atl Atlanta Thank you. how can I view the courses for that field how long is that program Im currently not Wesley Green 7573590339 boolane28@gmail.com I was more focused on the Audio and Sound Recording Certificate 11 am est
 ONLINE I WOULD BE A RE ADMISSION JUNICA MORRIS 832.469.3899.. MIAMORRIS@YAHOO.COM OK THANKS
 Yes sir
 hello. I need a copy of my official transcripts. how do I obtain them? I cannot seem to find a link or where to do so on the website. I recall a few years ago I could do so. no maam im sorry. im also at work and got caught on a call. thank you Kristie
 I'm interested in taking online clsses high school diploma and some college bachelor degree in criminal justice Shamilda Kegler. my email is shamildas85@gmail.com and my is 229 308 7626 I've been waiting for a while to hear back from an advisor. I've been completed all of mu information this will be my 1st time yes I will No one at the moment No Thank you
 Hi I'm looking to start school and I was hoping that you could help me..i would like to get my grants for school since I have never had a grant before I'm looking for assistance with getting my school started
 Good morning I asked for information yesterday. I received a phone call yesterday and they kept me on the phone for a half an hour. Today you guys called me and then hung up on me. Two things I just wanted information. The second thing I wish to report the fiasco of your ”enrollment phone calls” I just want it emailed to me. I am interested in the Masters of Education program. Does it qualify for financial aid? Also can I go abroad while.enrolled and still take the courses? I want the online program. I am asking if I can go abroad while enrolled. Yolanda Arrowood arrowood@uni.edu 319-541-1175 Wonderful!
 I need my transcripts while attending online classes. My name is Cristina Soto. My student id number is 24879277. Where or how can I get my transcripts? Okay. Thank you.
 Hello My self Tej i have Que who can eligible for this job position?
 Hi I was a student and think in ready to come back to school Monica mccants10 Monica mccants 3012544008 m.mccants10@Yahoo.com Thank u
 One that can help me get my HSD.
 Would you know when my money that is left over after fees will be on my bank mobile account Ok thank you Dont know one at this time
 i would like to know how many credits i would be able to transfer over i would like to know how many credits i would be able to transfer over i do not but once i get it.. can contact yall again and how do i submit it to yall criminal justice latisha bias latishalbias@gmail.com i rather not give out my phone number it would have to be in the evening because i work during the day
 i want icecream. can you get me icecream? with double chocolate and whipped cream on top coolcool. please hurry though. i'm famished. sighits alright. mcdonalds icecream machines are perpetually not working. ill wait until it works. in the meantime id like some chicken nuggets and a happy meal to go please. how much do i need to pay you for all this? yeah right! you sould be sorry. your manager will hear about this from me. slacking on your jobsigh hopeless vile insinuating piece of scrappy meat i think god will have finished making an entire universe by the time you get my order of an icecreamnuggets and happy meal oh fack off im disconnecting. youre just earning off me by not disconnecting this chat ya fat cunt!
 I put in my user name stephanie.jackson406 and it keep saying it is incorrect Stephanie jacksonmommaflexx078@gmail.com(216)3191763 He emailed me stephanie.jackson406 I clicked on the website and it takes me back to our conversation i'm going to try it again and see if it go through Still the same thing it brings me back to our conversation Thank you i will call them The only other way i can do it is at a library Ok No i am going to call them when my phone charges up have a blessed day
 Hi Liane Is AIU currently in accreditation probation?
 Good morning I would like to get my official transcript if possible. I attended AIU back in 2005. hello thank you I did not I ended up going to the military and now trying to finish school before retiring I am considering since i already started there I started with criminal justice and now not too sure about that field and thinking about changing my major Jonathan Simeon 760-696-7761 jsimeon316@gmail.com ok
 Hello i am looking at the AIU Online tuition and fees schedule Are these amounts reflecting the discount that Avis Budget employees get or these are the amounts before the discount? ok please let me know no I haven't talked to anyone yet My name is Divya Solanki I work for Avis Budget Group my email is dsolanki98@yahoo.com no problem once you tell me if the amounts listed online are with or without discount I will move ahead in the process great thanks for the information I talked to the representative who came to our location today and gave her all my information so she will be doing the same Thanks again and have a good day! bye Clara! thanks again!
 business
 yes i was wondering on the awards letter for the disburstments dates is that when the stipends is posted to my bankmobile card or thats when its released from the school? nooone at the moment
 Hi Robin! I am messaging with regard to your online campus. I am a current student. I’d like to get information on transferring out of AIU.  I love the program however I have an opportunity with a different university that I’d like to go to. 25819981 I’ve paid my balance of $111.50.  I have a current balance but only for my current class which I have not participated in.  So that balance will resolve. It’s bittersweet because this has been a great experience overall but I may return for my masters :) Stephanie Strzyzynski 934 Dallas St MV WA 98274 25819891 Sorry about that! Thanks! That’s right.  Well I was on. Real and I have not participated in microeconomics because I knew I might transfer. Is there anything additional I need to do to close my account with AIU at this time? I sure do :) I will contact her tomorrow Thanks so much!  Take care!
 online a bachelor's degree in one of your business concentrations I have completed 55 college credits all within the US um... yes... all of the ones I mentioned above. Are you a real person? I have some questions about your program Adam Kitchen 79285 Ridgehaven Rd Lancaster SC 29720 adamckitchen@gmail.com 7049896420 Do they have evening hours? anytime after 6:30 pm before??? Please reread what you just wrote what time do they leave? Please keep in mind I'm in eastern time zone never mind... I had narrowed my search to three colleges and AIU was one of them... until this chat. I'm not trying to be rude but this has been painful. bye
 I Kirsten. I believe I messaged you earlier about contact info for Human Resources? I applied for a position at the Atlanta AIU location and wanted to follow up. I missed your previous message Thank you!
 Hello iam want take class Cj class
 i am not sure i just am keeping my options open. i want to go to school for nursing thank you
 I JUST SENT YOU A TEXT AND ID LIKE TO KNOW IF YOU POSSBLIY STILL HAVE MY CODES AND OR  PASSWORDS NAME IS JENNIFER CALZADA JMCALZADA@GMAIL.COM 8058992254 it would not have been that number i was living in madera ca ca at the time my birth date is  07 20 1975 please give me 20 min to comlete my enrollment papers no thank you
 I would like to enroll in the term that starts in August. Criminal Justice Bachelors program . Corrections and Case Management ok... online That's too short of a notice for me which is why I'm asking about the August session. Thanks anyway I mentioned that earlier on in the chat!
 help western paul? dad? i love you
 i i need to complete ny fasfa i need the school pin please yes please online
 i forot my username chellymethot55@gmail.com im not sure which campus i live in central florida before 10am. or after4:30pm ok thanks thank you
 HI I  JUST FILLED MY APPLICATION BUT I CANT SIGN BECAUSE I DONT HAVE SSN YET SO I WAS ASKED CONTACT MY ADMISSION ADVISOR TO HELP ME OUT bimboakintola19@gmail.com 3468039832 10210 forum west drive apt 318 Houston texas77036 yes I have completed my college i have filled the application form
 looking to get info on video prodution field ok Jacquio Bonds veterans1415@gmail.com 678641841 wht's the different online or in erson do yu nly hve certificate or do you carry this field in a four year degree where in atlanta what's uour address class time session coming in August will like to have that done not until friday have someone call to det up appointment time
 Hi i want to know what is this program Never mind
 defuniak springs nwfs
 My daughter is considering attending She has the Texas Tomorrow Fund how does that factor into AIU Online Online We live in Dallas so I guess Houston is the closest Okay thank you no not at this time
 Hello I have a text it says you have 2 questions My name is Betty I quess you did It gives this email address I think this is about school or a loan No I want too get a degree in restaurants  or business  culinary  arts I know how too cook but I want too cook like a restaurant  owner Okay sorry for taking up your time
 Hi Veronica I currently enrolled and having a problem with the system to login in is there someone to help me with that ok Zoreena Hakim 347-545-6588.  Zoreenahakim@gmail.com https://studentlogin.aiuniv.edu  I'm unable to sign in here.  Keep saying error ok thank you veronica
 GN What is the cost for Healthcare Management online course And how long is the program BA Gerontology So how long in years is the program
 they transfered me to talk to admissions but they keep saying im coming up as amy sanders instead of my name
 Hi Arica my name is nataly and I’m really interested to continue school. Elementary education Nataly Archuleta archiletanataly@gmail.com 9156675217 Archuletanataly@gmail.com
 I want to rest set my password Hi my name Crystal
 hi my name is Mary Timblin and Iam interested in enrolling to get a degree in criminal justice so I can start my own buisness I have started my paper work working with several people right now just wonder if you could send me some information about the school or maybe a link maryti@centurylink.net # 3604558874
 Do you offer courses as Registered Nursing Ok thanks that will be nice for now
 im writing a paper and its asking for academic goals. i have some but they seem really basic maybe what are some good academic goals i can follow to be successful its not im in high school please help and gove me at leastr one noooo r u even a real person
 Good Morning Im inquiring about the online classes I attended Herzing University and I only completed 3 classes id is pssible that I get those classes transferred here if I chose this school? I'm sorry I meant is it possible Jacara 504292500 jah.jb38@gmail.com 5042392500
 Hi this Sherell Keeper trying to login
 I've seem to have forgotten my password & I've tried to recover it but when I push the forgot password botton then entery email if doesn't seem to send me the link to reset my password. Ok thank you Linda Owens 16063024259 missyannowens@gmail.com Np My phone is currently dead my house is & I don't have time on my cell so if u could possibly wait and let my house phone charge that would be great! Around 2:30 Ya No
 yes it is possible to get the # for tech support? I am getting an error when I attempt to login to my student login. thanks appreciate it
 Hello Jacque.  Can you tell me the total cost per class? Thank you.. I know it's around 1000 but I wanted to know the exact cost per class.  I'm a current student there... Thanks for your help BBA No one at the moment. I'll be returning to start my master in September. I have my commencement July 27th in Atlanta for my BBA Thanks again for you assistance Jacque
 Vb ..mvvmnfbge.e Vwg Vnbvmvbn
 Im trying to get someone on the phone because I want to return to school Natasha Davison mztasha3@gmail.com 2562958836 After 1 pm I have been calling my advisor but have not got in touch with her no
 I want to be a EMt What about human behavior to be a drug and alcohol councilor Oh okay thank you
 I need more information about the nursing classes thank you
 hello Huston campus doesn't have any IT programs on campus? *Houston ok no maam thank you
 I’m waiting for an advisor to call me Online for hopsitality management No Veronica said she would have a advisor to call me I didn’t know the number so I didn’t answer it before Okay Thanks for ur help Thanks No Someone called me before I didn’t answer because I didn’t know the number Yes please Thanks
 This isn’t Le Condon Blu?
 Student scholarship how can i be able to get a scholarship i was born in usa zenika chance .....Laverne916@msn.com......17844566885 no im not able to call 1784 in the area code yes am located outside of the usa saint vincent and the grenadines brooklyn new york im in the caribbean now yh the number is 7844566885 can you try this number then 7745274249 7845274240 the last number ok
 AIU Online I received my associate of Arts in Business Administration from AIU Online in Feb. 2008 and would like to continue on with my Bachelor in the same field. My name is Sean Caldwell. You're welcome. Thank you. Sean Caldwell. sbcaldwell@roadrunner.com and (606) 273-3651. May I receive a call scheduled for sometime tomorrow? Sure that'd be fine
 I've never logged into AIU on a desktop and I cant change the password because I always used my finger print to log in from my ipad. Semaj Jackson     9th.extra.terrestrial@gmail.com im actually not sure what my home phone number is . okay.
 Hello Laine I'm John I just re-enrolled to start the masters in education program but unfortunately my guidance counselor is away this week. Is there someone who can help me finalize the process since she's off? Gina Philips is my counselor John N. Russ III 717-693-4129 and my email is johnrussiii@live.com Thank you. I'm off of work that day so anytime is fine really. Noon or afternoon perhaps? Thank you - To answer your question I encouraged my father to attend AIU John Russ Jr and he is an alumni who earned his MBA in HR. No one else at the moment but I recommend AIU to anyone who asks me about online education. What is the manager's name and will I need to have any information on me to be prepared? I chatted with her on 6/27/18 and I had to work 6/28-6/29 she sent me a follow up email letting me know she was going to be off and if I could speak on Friday but I was working at the time. thank you i got it You too
 Hello i wanted to know if you had any classes for senior citizens or people that are just a little slower than the other students
 how many credits is your eng 101 class worth? no im looking to dual enroll with this being my secondary school no thats fine thank you
 im a student and i cant login travis embrywhite 2087156030 travis.embrywhite@gmail.com it seems like the online website is down
 Hi I'm doing my statement of educational purposes form and I'm hearing that I can't make a photo copy of my ID for security reasons is this true They ask for a copy of my ID but I have the new ID and if copied it won't show the card clear for security reasons
 I was trying to do an re entry application but I forgot my old user name and password Brittany Edwards 229-376-0151  janeebrittany.be@gmail.com
 hi kristie we are an education agency in china some of our students would like to apply your online degree program may i ask if your school provide agent    program i mean we send students to your school and you provide commission to our company thank you
 The campus in Atlanta  Ga
 do you have a friend name roselyn who is paul do you know if you can tell me were is wyoming
 I need mu username corrected to reflect my correct name. The current user name is not me and there is no excuse for giving the incorrect name. You guys have my correct email. It's nothing even remotely close to my name. It's Michael Wanglie not Michael Wynelee No I am not It's mind bggling how someone could make such a stupid mistake! You guys have my email. Doesn't that clue you guys in a bit? Michael Wanglie Richfield Minnesota   55423 7309 Harriet Avenue Sout (952)652-7918 Maybe I am but it's a very careless mistake like someone was not paying attention. Mikew@aioic.net What I want iis the username fixed like now!
 Hey I’m trying to enroll into one but I’m not sure how I’m 17 yrs old and I need to earn credits 9th grade
 Hi i want to enroll i can only text and use my computer
 I would say the one in Denver Colorado I'm not really for sure familiar.
 Hello?
 How can i sign up for school? Im not sure I wanted to do school online Salon management and Beauty Salon Tasha O'Neal Tashaqueenb91@gmail.com 9043008416 Ok thank u
 hello yeah i am looking for information i am a dental technician graduated in italy an i am looking for a way or ways i could study dentistry in the US oh but is there a way you could help me out with some information? so the equivilent to what i studied in italy is the associates degree here in the US so my queston to u is with that dregree is it possible to get in to dental school ok then
 Kim - how would I go about verifying degrees earned from AIU for employment purposes? Thanks!
 Hello im interested in going back to school for Business Management I do have my GED also took a few courses at a City College. I graduated from two vocational schools. I am currently registered for Fall at Valley but havent followed up because i dont really wan to go to the campus i want online i was also referred today by a friend who is starting on the 4th....not yet I just submitted that info Tiffani Williams Shawnra111@aol.com 8182631977 no one at the moment
 why cant I get what I want when filling out this application when I put my mouse on the screen for example the town I want to go school in . it wont let me choose the city I want La Cordon college and keep ending up over here with you Le pastry chef in Boston I could not change online either at all that a main stay of cooking that is crazy how long is hosp. mrg classes
 Yes I am wanting to know why my account states that I owe 3200 dollars? Online 17145805 R U Still there? When will she back in the office? Meaning can I call tomorrow? Thanks.. Thanks for your time..
 I help with my fafsa id I sent one in but i forget to put the school code Johnyounggchantell85@Gmail.com864-275-0832 i do know
 Hi Veronica. I am Shan. I just completed a Bachelor's degree in CJ at AIU Atlanta online. I am now interested in the Masters Program. How long is the program? AIU Atlanta Online Thank you Shantishia Goodson 404-438-8243 shansmith1120@gmail.com
 I need an email address to send an official transcript I"m the school sending the transcript no idea - mailing address was schaumburg IL but do not want to mail it thank you
 hello want to know the graduate fee in MSIT security&assurence
 hey Mrs.Rosalyn i would like if i can enrolled in this collge ty Natalie Saxon my phone is 334)737-8029 my e-mail is nataliesaxon22@gmail.com ur very welcome
 online health care management Charles downing charlesdevin91@gmail.com 2177306542
 any cumpus arround georgia for the time being i want the online one. Bachelor Degree Yes I have BSC Degree In Pharmacy From Ethiopia. Ethiopia .East Africab Sorry.  Africa hello Online
 hello I am trying to request a copy of my transcripts
 what do they mean by area of service? hello what do they mean by area of service? in the provied military info tab one of the questions state: area of service what do i input air force reserves yes and i did add it...the addition question states are of service however...does that mean i need to input my specific job? ojk *pk *ok
 Hi. I am interested in online I have some college courses. I am active duty military
 online i am actually currently a student. im just wanting to change my degree heather bailey h.bailey20@hotmail.com 423-290-7119 thank you. do you happen to know what her office hours are? just wondering if now is a good time to call or if i should wait thats okay thank you fro your help
 Online 12 No I want to take substance  abuse counselor  associate degree
 Strayer University
 Hi! I’m James and I am considering going back to school. I am a law Enforcement Officer with nearly 16 years experience. I was wondering could my work experience be used for credits?
 Online classes and I'm having trouble login into the site Kendall Feaster Kendallfeaster9@Gmail.com 2562687705 I forgot my user name and password the email you guess sent to change it sent a link but its down right now Can u call me and no its been awhile Round 7/8 Thanks
 Hello veronica Online Is this school accredited? What accreditation? Do you offer any degrees in psychology
 Online Bachelor of science in finance Kevin Smiley 9125802155  conan77718@gmail.com 10:00 am Ok thank you
 Can I  start online Y can I online I’m a single mom with children I want to do on online I finish school in 1983
 My name is Tracey I'm interested in enrolling in a certificate program your website shows certification but AIU has no programs listed. Does AIU offer any certification? Online Education what level teaching assistant etc.? How do I choose?  Because I tried enrolling and it doesn't allow any   certification.
 How can I get my official transcripts Thank you
 im tryin to sign in and I keep getting a error chad carver 3177496511 carver52@icloud.com yes its the part  that load up a another tab for me to sign in but I don't get that only give me error now I can log in on my ipad and phone but not my laptop
 It said i made a mistake on my app plz show me Can u show me
 if i graduate from a university that is regionally accredited can i work anywhere in the United States? no i am looking at attending a few diffrent schools
 Online Bba I’m healthcare Administration Some college I don’t want to transfer in credits though Kate Burch 262-800-2001 kateburch26@gmail.com Ok great none at the moment
 How many credits is each class worth ok
 I am previous grad and want to get transcripts Or possibly login yes with BS & Masters
 3189465693
 Illinois Online Computer programming No Spencer mcclain 414 9981868 33frozen1time@gmail.com Ok
 yes I am online health care management high school diploma Charles downing charlesdevin91@gmail.com 217-730-6542 I can not think of anyone off hand yes but it is out dated yes once I get it up dated hopefully soon tomorrow afternoon yeah that will be good
 I am trying to get registered for the session starting 7/4/2018 I am in Louisville KY So online program
 Hi.  I cannot change my password.  I thought it worked and when i went to sign in it wouldnt let me.  so i went to change it again but it says mynaccess is invalid valencia raheem valecia_raheem@yahoo.com 631 603 9668 ok sorry it is spelled wromg valencia_raheem@yahoo.com
 Hi Patrick How can I see mycampus virtual password?
 Is this online only for Schaumburg location ? Illinois
 Online Thats what I'm trying to decide Either ass in business or bach. In healthcare management I have some college from a tech school. I've already had someone from AIU to look and see what will transfer. My question is with the associate degree will all 63 credits y'all said will transfer transfer? Or is there a cap for associates?
 can you tell me if credits from el camino college in calirofnia will transfer to your college? california* atlanta and online
 Hi I'm A former student  weston fll Do they have a location here in dade or broward county fl? I need to find out about how many credits i had  for attending  school What phone number shall i call? please call me. I'm Glenda Wilson (305) 753-1424
 Hello Robin I am wondering if I have the correct page I would like to submit my resume for Adjunct Instructor positions Thank you so much
 for got my pass word online Jeryl brown brownbrown1208@gmailcom 142 Adelaide st (860)833-3745 Hartford ct 06114
 I’m not really sure  I just filled out some stuff online for CNA
 Hi is there any way to get a grant sent directly to me in the form of a check for school supplies and housing
 Which programmes do you offer for a Holder of BSc degree in Geology Zimbabwe Zimbabwe in southern Africa 100% on line Which credits are you talking about I did my first degree with the University of Zimbabwe and now I would like to do MSc degree How can I get my Education evaluated do I need to send certified copies by mail to the University for evaluation process. Not yet spoken to anyone but I may need to do that in the shortest possible time My name is Billmore Innocent Nemahwe Email: billmore.Nemahwe@riozim.co.zw Address : Renco mine P Bag 3005 Renco mine Cell number: +263 773098818 So which programme is best suitable for me for a MSc Degree programmes currently on offer +236773098818 +263772579592 00263773098818 try this number what about emails Ok thank you
 I was wondering if AIU is online
 Could you please tell me if there Early Childhood Education degree ok. thanks
 are you there? i lost you there i'm filling out the application online as we speak yes sir i know its akward but thats the way it is i need to get my bachelor degree because its holding me back froom leaving this job and getting another job here as you know having a degree makes a big difference what do you mean evaluated? i can take the toefl here at a school that gives those tests and that wouldnt be any problem but why do you i need that test if i graduated high school from the usa and i also have credits from mercer community college in new jersey? yes defenitly 971-56-4641274 jcanenguez17@gmail.com ok
 I've waited to long start thats why I need to be financially  able to just go to school  not try to work.and  school  too  at least be able to take classes  at  night at the college No ill just call the administrator tomorrow
 Hi Paul i. Good. I have a few question’s lol typo im good i am a current professor looking for employment  at your university and wanted to know how to apply for a job This is great. I will check out the website. Thank you.
 Hello
 Hi my name is Mike Sherman I’m interested in the criminal justice program. I wanted to see if I could speak with someone about possibly enrolling into classes. 2292319469  shermanmichael20@yahoo.com Okay great
 what is tuition for 1 year? what would be the cost for the entire program? I have not spoken to an advisor
 Hi Clara I am a former student of AIU. I am interested in completed my remaining classes onsite for my degree. My Name is Varun Ragbir. I used to go to your Weston Florida campus. How do I continue my education track to complete it? Okay - My number is 954-297-2239. Varun Ragbir | varunragbir@gmail.com Okay
 I am planning to register with the university for Doctorate in public health I am writing to enquire the requirements and this is my email address ltunda@hotmail.com
 on line how much credit do I receive for 22 years of being a electrician also my MOS in the Marine Corps was 3051 Supply I  would  like to deal with other veterans who have the same problems I have or Somethin similar possibly peer support specialist Agustin Gurrola Jr 708-530-1837 agustingurrolajr@yahoo.com 200 pm ok thankyou and it was my honor to serve no thats it for now chow
 I was just wondering if yall offered any classes towards being a therapist for like suicidal patients or abused counseling also i was a student here but i had to stop because i couldnt pay for it. am i able to transfer what ive already taken to a new school so i can switch degrees?
 aiu app not  o cant logn ohok 501 7772985  angel knight  and knight angel676@gmail.com ohok
 Hello ok thanks first of all i am from Ecuador I would like to know if the degree tha you offer is supported by senecyt here in my country my name is ERNESTO CADENA MY TELEPHON NUMBER IS 0982081105 ernestocadenaalvarez@yahoo.es no I am a civil engineer do you offer a master degree in civil engineering on line yes ok well my concern is enginnering but now I am teaching english at the university here in Ecuador the institution is asking a master degree backed by SENECYT do you have a master degree in english teaching? Curriculum and Instruction for Educators where can I get information about above mentioned master and the prices no too much money
 Hello. I am a returning student of AIU. I want to know if I will be able to access all my old classes and transcript report once I am re-enrolled? I am AIU online Yes. I am ready to re-enroll. Thank You.
 I'm looking for an online schooling for Forensic Science.  I currently have an Associates in Criminal Justice and want to take the next step in getting my Bachelors. Ah I just noticed... are the online locations only in Atlanta and Houston?  I'm in California. I am seeking 100% online I think that would be easiest for me with my work schedule. Would I be able to get a BS in Forensic Science through this University online? I'm ok for now. Thank you for your time.
 Hello how would I obtain an unofficial transcript from AIR? AIU Ok thank you.
 hi iam mustafa hamisi njechele from tanzania  asking for studying degree of nutrition ok thank you
 Hi how do i get started in school Houston What program yell have Criminal justice High school Name is chris Number is 214 797 0682
 Hi RobinI'm trying to finish up my app.online and I have forgotten all of my passwords and user names.it want let me use email or phone to get them.can you help me please Heather Nance iammydaughterskeeper28@gmail 256-945-2513 Thank you so muchI just had neck surgery and I have forgotten so much OK.so how can I sign in to do different things they want me to do it ask for user name and password Wow OK I capitalized H and N
 I need the code for the school to complete the FAFSA. online thanks
 How soon can I start? I'm sorry when is the next start date for your Associates program? Are you able to take 17-18 FASFA? Since we are still in June? Well I just needed to ask a few ?s I understand that. I just need to know what year of aid you are accepting to figure out if I even want to attend... Michael Coleman 289A Donna Dr Hendersonville TN 37075 I prefer email...mikewasme2@gmail.com No I don't I'll take my lunch break in a few I will be able to take your call then... Do you think he can send me an email with his info?
 i done signed up for shol. i sarted july 4. i was wondering what bank do yall use do do a sudent loan online yes elizabeth poston elizabethposton1974@yahoo.com 8432505960 no that is ok i will talk with judith tomorrow about it no thank you
 OK SURE
 aiu online trying to access intellipath section titled 'what you need to do next' Jacque yes need to start 'determine knowledge' section' have completed previous sections. Tx no trouble with sections I jut cannot access the next section that must be completed before courses begin - the section titled determine knowledge oh very ood Jacque many thanks Roger and Out {smiling}
 Hello I recently graduated from AIU's Masters program and want to know how I can obtain my GPA yes ok thanks
 did i getb the grant wounding if i got the grant yes no Stephen hoke Stephenhoke90@gmail.com 872 herdman rd leon wv 25123 3049373500 you find it yes idk it online
 Hi Arica This is Angel. I just wonder. Is it any major of your university related to Baking and Pastry? My name is Han Huang. You can call me Angel. Email Address: angelhan950219@outlook.com Phone Number: 715-869-0828 China Probably after 1 pm will be better. Yes one more question. Isn't the Le Cordon Bleu have a college in Chicago any more? I ask that because I saw you have the program with Le Cordon Bleu. But I think that is not what I want. That is for business right? But I can take all the course online right? Okay thank you very much. Have a nice day~
 When do classes start and what is the cost for my education can you please tell me as well thank you Bachelor degree in administration health care. Okay thank you for your help Sonja Aiken 518-949-2334 Sonja.aiken@yahoo.com Okay
 Thank you. i am not a citizen or permanent resident or green card holder yet so can I get a financial aid to go go school. MA in International economic relations or International law or International politics. Well I am by now asylum seeker and granted a work permit to work legally in the United States. But I am not international student. Oh ok. I think I need some time to apply. Thank you so much for the information.
 hi! I wish to esquire about scholarship opportunities for masters program in accounting finance and economics for undeveloped countires Business studies in general Thanks!
 Good morning Do you have civil engineer in your online program? High school education and some technical school Vladimir nazon 4075487682
 Is it a way that I can go somewhere and get help with  fulling all this out correctly danielswilburn@gmail.com  5012472677 Thanks I really need it
 Mandrell.Brown2 is my user log-in but I can't get in it. I'm logged in at home but not there and really need to do some work due to me falling behind. I'm now on my cell phone. My Gmail address is mandrellbrown226@gmail.com.  Please help me log-in Ok thanks Kim
 Online courses Bachelors degree in business No all I have is a ged
 Hello I am interested in contacting the Director of Admissions.  I would love to be a part of your team.  Is there someone I can forward a Cover Letter and Resume to?  I have already submitted an online application Thank you Kirsten!  I will contact them  right now! Have a great day!!!
 hi i'm trying to access my account but  don't know my password i received an email with a username to start my application Jerryan dennis 3179695547 or 5032701376 selflesssoulz@gmail.com
 hi kim i am inquiring about the online campus i was actually interested in the BBA finance Jimmy Starnes 6186705308 jimmy.starnes@outlook.com sounds good
 I was previously enroll and financial trouble cause me to drop out and like to return Cannot remember user name or Password Veronica Crawford verojames2000@carolina.rr.com 704-322-1078 ok 9:30
 Good morning how can I apply to some of the grants you have available at AIU? I'm a former student and looking to come back but paying for schooling is quite difficult without assistance Yes Caleb Sterling caleb.sterling1@student.aiuonline.edu 919-397-4323 Not yet Sorry been pretty busy for a few minutes I'm on the line with Candy now. Thank you!
 What is business management
 Hello. I am looking to re-enter online Torrance LaVetta Donathan 3185871876 finleytorrance@gmail.com Late morning please No one else at the time. Thank you for your time. Have a good evening Thank you
 hey good afternoon had a few questionds about this program for you Had a few questions about the IT masters in project management ?
 i am a prior aiu stdent I woud ike to get back in the online campus beth-aimee butler butlerbethaimee@gmail.com 334-451-4631 no well I cant talk on the phone right now I'm at work but can we set up a time for a call today at 2:30? 2:50? sorry not 2:30 yes thank you have a good day bye
 I need to know how to get information about an assignment I missed yesterday I called no one answered I also left a voicemail Whoever sent me the message about the assignment
 I'm sorry but I can't create application I don't know .how do that username and password Okay thank you What's  your phone number Ok thank you so much for that
 Good afternoon.  I'm attempting to upload my transcripts but it won't allow me to. And I'm not sure.  I live in Virginia. Marcella Witcher mwitcherlpn2bsn@outlook.com 201-449-8948 Ok Yes I did.  But he never called.  It was for Friday at 1 pm Ok
 Online courses I was interested in criminal justice program I have 3 credit hrs from and Associates degree in arts No I went to KCTCS community and technical school That would be great Thank you. Brandi Caldwell caldwell_brandi@hotmail 606-273-1745 Thank you
 Online Master of Education I have submitted my application to admissions. Would like to know what I need to do now? Romarla Hassell 8042193242 hassellr5001@gmail.com Is there anyway the advisor can communicate with me via email? After 6pm. Ok Thanks. That is all.
 what financial aid is avalibale I'm a veteran ok thank you
 i can not remeber my username AIU Online Julie Marshall 307-761-5818 juliemarshall86@gmail.com
 hi pls am sorry i dont no my password and username no i just open it now ok christianah ashaka ashakachristianah@gmail.com 4049341063 that  is it yes anytime yes no no that it ok thank u do u want me to call him ok thaks ok no uwc
 Good morning can you tell me who I can get a hold of my college transcript? Not at this time but Thank you for your help
 I need to know how to request transcripts from AIU? What is Parchment Exchange? Oh ok. Thanks. I do not....
 what does $166 per credit hour mean
 Schaumburg Illinois
 I want to unsubscribe from phone calls. Yesterday I was called every hour basically. I don't have interest in my program and was just doing research on colleges. I regret it. Please take me off your list right now. My number is 715-327-5650 Thank you.
 How to apply
 hey I was wondering if you teach ASL here? Sign language Oh ok thanks!
 I did an online application just few seconds ago and would like to see about speaking with someone Keiandria Jackson 2293449100 Sure Ok
 hi thanks' yea
 Hello im ester I just want to get some information about your school I am currently enrolled at Hcc i HAVE TO transfer by spring next yaer What are the requirements ? yes Ester Massiala nataliamassiala81@outlook.com 8326729315 11am it's perfect time Good nope thanks
 Thanks
 Stop texting me or calling me I’m not interested
 Hi Robin thanks for joining. My name is Francis from Uganda. Can someone pursue your program while in Uganda 100% online? Business course. In Uganda i did UACE -Uganda Advance Certificate of Education with the key subjects being Physics Chemistry and Biology back in 2002. I got One principle pass in Physics and subsidiary pass in Chemistry and Biology. After that level i attended one year of computer training course for which i was issued with performance statements only and not an award. Correct. I am outside US. I am a citizen of UGANDA. Thanks Robin for all these detailed info. Let me study things and make final and concrete decision on how i will have to move forward with you. I know i can contact you anytime right? Francis Odong  |   +256751359777   |     franklods@gmail.com Between 9HRS GMT and  13HRS GMT. Best time to call. It's now 22HRS GMT ( Our local time shows four minutes pass one oclock in the night. Our local time is 3 hours ahead of GMT) East Africa Time is GMT+3 EXACTLY That's ok for me. Thanks alot Robin. It's been perfect having this time with you. Let me wish you all the best as i retire to bed. Bye for now. Thanks and good evening to you... i guess it must be evening over there. cheers!!
 Hello I have been locked out due to many tries with security questions Emma Lee Horne 843 615 8494 emmahorne812@yahoo.com Ok Ok thanks Yes I was No thanks I am calling him now
 Hi I'm trying to reach the financial aid chat Can you give me the number
 How do I set up my email address 27529268 I spoke u yesterday this is Crystal Yes It’s says campus email right Tomorrow No It’s says campus email right What’s my password I got it Thanks Robin your Definitely a big help I love this school already Desirelle is awesome Okay It’s not working I found the one u said for me to look for I can’t get into it’s not working It said my reset will be reset sent to the administrator I put forget password
 Online Will OnlineBusiness be Only Online? Also will I have to do classes at specific times or can I work it around work family etc? My Advisor is Keith but I had to cancel my appointment and it’s late so I didn’t want to call him Laura Dunagan 7026268610 mamaandlovingit@gmail.com No my name is Laura Dunaganlaura2016@yahoo.com is the email I have on file I think Monday is better. Tomorrow is Father’s Day and I won’t be home. I’ll be at someone else’s house. My Advisor’s name is Keith This is email is KTomlinson@aiuniv.edu Monday 7pm Pacific On the 11th We had an Appointment on the 13th that I had to cancel Sure. I guess that’s fine Should I wait until I speak with the Advisor to finish my application and do my financial aid? Yes that works well. Thank you. Thank you Thank you. You as well
 Online classes Bachelor's in business No I have a question as I am researching different schools does your school offer laptops to new students for business classes or a discount?
 Hi
 Every time I email the financial aid department it tells me it wasn't sent. I used one from a previous message that was sent to me. Maybe it's the no reply one or something. Yes. I emailed my advisor but haven't received a reply so i sent it to that other email Erik Cypress. Tubbduny83@gmail.com. 7573715112 No i thought I had a guy named richard Thanks
 Hi Kim quick question. Is there a minimum GPA when you are just leaving high school Thank you.........have a great day. Signing off!
 Hi Jacque online Iguess
 4789722963 hello would I be able to talk with an admissions advisor tonight? ohk
 yes i need to reset password in order to enroll online
 geeetinggs Online course in MBA healthcare mangement What are pre req courses required. B.S. Chem in U.S What are the pre reqs for this particular program? I do not want to give all of my info.  Just learn about the pre reqs. Can I chat with an advisor such as we are chatting now? Yes. I just want to see pre req B.S.courses To get into mba program Is one available today How do I chat with one online Without necessity of. Giving my personal information Yes. 630.379.2125 Ms. Wsrner Warner
 Hello I completed my admissions application and have a IRN. I am unsure of next steps. okay.. 9044739183 ok Bria Biggs kelsiebee@ymail.com no ma'am . Maybe around 6. How long should the call take ? okay! 6 should be fine Yes IT IS! and No I do not.
 I just graduated June 18 from highschool. I am s mother to be and my baby is born d September 14 I want to go to school for health care What do u recommend I do right now I want to do online classes Lydia Torres 201912375@stu.pennsauken 8565779429 That's great so I can start asap? What the price How Give me a second please No my brother does Nathaniel Eully Cooper 8565771322 Eullycooper@gmail.com That's all Not yet please
 Intuition Institution
 I have enrolled but was having problem login so created a new application to get into financial aide my question is do I need to continue to sign these documents Glenice Duncan gfdaz57@gmail.com 6024732193 hello was not able to get it so created new one ok thxs
 Iam looking scholarship Diploma of education
 I live in s.c how do I apply Online Health management No I'm single Sonya Goff 864_340_3837 Sonyagoff216@ Gmail.com No phone calls please Rather do live chat Evening and could u have them speak good English I mean so i can understand them on the phone OK  and think I Thank u U too
 Hi so im not shur what to do now i want online classes But i don't have a computer Thank you Ronald Smith rsr87649@gmail.com 5417611574
 Online I am currently enrolled Associates of Sceience and Criminal Justice Science** Yes Classes already started on May 30th and I was not able to start then.. I was seeing what I could do for my next steps to get everything started
 Hi Krsten How are you ?? I am thinking I worked in USA from 98-2007 on H1B I worked in Los Angeles from 2000-2007 I attended a few courses in  part-time MBA in Cal State University LA from 2004-2006 and a few courses in full-time MBA for a quarter in 2007 in Pepperdine University Then transferred to AIU Los Angeles in 2008 and after a few days shifted to De Vry University Sheman Oaks where I completed 1 quarter Now I am in India Request you to review my resume and suggest me some thing along with the cost employability etc I was eligible for rehire by Kaiser Can I start online and shift to campus later ??? I am in India It is difficult to speak to a counsellor I am staying in my relative's place in India I am not so free to talk My name is Gurudeva K B +011-91-80500-06379 Is there a Kaiser office in Houston / Atlanta gkitcareer@gmail.com They can speak to me from monday They can call me today after an hour I can speak to them if possible With the presence of my family members I can not speak They may not like me doing MBA however it is important for my career I have already completed almost 10 courses In 2008 Jan - Mar Yes I attended a few classes at Economics before transferring to De Vry Los Angeles There were only 4 students Great Thank you
 what is the corporate number for AIU online is this where your archived accounts go I was placed in collections for an account that was paid off sometime between 2007-2009.  I had a lien against my diploma and transcript and was told I could not get them until I paid the entire balance. I did as instructed. Now almost 8 years later I was placed in collection for 150. I am perplexed as to how this could have happened Additionally the young lady I spoke to from the 877-701-3800 number was extremely rude. I will be disputing it and filing a formal complaint against the lady. I graduated with a 3.88 and up until this  point I thought highly of the school. Not anymore. thank you for the information
 I have completed an application when will I be able to sign up for a class? Tamika Cline tamika.ann.jones@gmail.com 090-6864-8760 PSC 80 Box 22501 APO AP 96367 I have complete 60 credit hours towards my CCAF I'm Active Duty Air Force Non-degree seeking I would like to complete a Math class to complete my Associate Degree
 I want to ask how will i pay for my school and book computer
 online AA in Criminal Justice I graduated and went to college for about 2 months i didn't complete any college courses ive already applies my name is Inge Nelson. Email is ladiibam5@gmail.com and phone is 3528432525 applied* Not yet i get off of work at 4 EST and was going to try to make contact with him He has emailed me no not over the phone im still at work i was trying to get in contact with him around 4pm
 Good evening. Do youall have an online course for forensic psychology? Actually thats ok I see you all dont offer online coursesmin my area Artelia Hill I live in chicago il arteliahill@gmail.com 773-842-2137 No Anytime is good Yes thats fine Perfect thank you
 No campus it would be an online program Just haven't decided what I wanted to focus on in the business field I am a previous student who graduated with a BBA I can talk now I would only be able to text is that ok Katrena Martin katrenan3@gmail.com 601-498-0547 Getting the tools needed to get a more rewarding position Obtaining a more rewarding career with the opportunity to earn more funding I did I had somethings come up and I wasn't able to commit. This evening would be great anytime after 5pm does that time work for you? What program was I enrolled in? I thought so and that time should be ok. How much time do you think will be needed for this call? Im off at 5 - so can we scheduled something for like 505p? Im usually in my car about that time. Thank you same to you . I don't know of anyone at this time. you as well
 Do you offer sn associates degree in applied science online? No I need A.S. because that's the base requirement to be an ultrasound technician
 how can i re enroll leslie steve my number is 8482078774 and email is lasteve3@outlook.com i already went to the school so why do i have to talk to someone cause i want to finish taking my classes ok and why is that okay so i cant log in wow so they are the ones that will make the decision if i can re-enroll ok i am going to say afternoon okay what is the number and is it hard to get back in ok thank you
 Hi some one there? Hi Kristie I got my bachelor degree back in 2014 and I am looking forward to continue my studies soon need some information about MBA in Finance Online Degree Not at all got back in town I got a job Carlos Francisco carlos.Francisco@nesgt.com +244930963083 I just edited I have my profile opened at the moment and made few updates on it no it was on ground at Houston campus graduation date was June 6 2014 the email I used to have is carlosfilipe86@hotmail.com 11B5615130 this was my student ID Online In about an hour is that Okay? No its all good thanks
 Hello i am a past student of The American College in London i urgently need to get a copy of my degree certificate can you help? ok. Great. Thank you what time is it where you are? it is 9:30am by me i am thinking of it. Maybe online Is there a chat on the internet for Student Records Dept? ok. Thank you i will contact you when ready. i am on the phone with student dept ok. Thanks again. Bye
 Online
 I am trying to check the status of my reinstatement LaRhonda Covington 910-625-0597 larhonda.covington81@gmail.com Ok I dont have one Im not enrolled I was dismissed and i filed an appeal for reinstatement Ok
 Hello I have already spoken to admissions and done my fasfa.  I just wanted to know the exact start date for classes in September thank you! that's all i needed
 Good Morning I graduated from AIU back in I believe 2010 I am looking at furthering my education and now going back for my BBA I however cannot login to see what steps I would need to take to make this happen. Can you guide me? Jennifer Anderson 507-202-9995 Jenanderson51@gmail.com Yes I'm at work I cannot talk on the phone ok 815 might work or 115 email or this are easiest yes thank you!
 I'm in Pakistan can I get a degree of bachelor's online? Higher education commission complete and acca foundation level also completed Ok Time duration of bachelor's degree? Okay thanks
 yes what the number for financcial aid
 Hi Do you have a program for students coming from Europe ? hello ???
 Rosalyn hello
 I need my student Id number n my password I have enrolled I talk to Mr. Rishard Natalie L. Chester my number is 334)737-8029 And my email is nataliesaxon22@gmail.com
 I attended AIU online years ago. Need access to my record. Who do I contact? No. And I don't want to request a transcript just access my record. Ok. Thank you
 Online Which degree the first one correct now I’m nervous lol
 HELLO THERE MY NAME IS WACHEMA CRUZ I AM DEAF WOMAN TO USE THE AMERICAN SIGN LANUGGAE I LIVE IN RALEIGH NC I AM NOT SURE WHAT MAJOR CAN FIT ME HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT LIKE BUSINESS ADMINSISTRAION LIKE ceo Wachema Marie Cruz no phone email address is aircool2324@gmail.com i dont use text at all.  you can email me like hangouts it helps me to communicate back and forth yes i dont use phone i only use email tomorrowafternoon ga no i can be online on email around 8pm i wrote it down alreasdy thanks thanks
 Hi how are you doing please overseas master/mistress yes am odong Patrick from Gulu district northern Uganda I completed my diploma in procurement and logistics management I  Uganda I would like to know if you grants programs also can apply to the international students like in Uganda. This is because I would like to roll for your on line programs dear. Yes I would like to speak to him or her. I gonna be greatful I speak to him Yeah OK dear my name is Odong Patrick  tell:+256775928014  Email address :patrickodong61@gmail.com I gonna be gladfull to hear from all of you dear you support is my future may Almighty God bless you and protect you dear plus all you family members. so when will I gonna be getting the feedback dear? OK dear am Pleasantly waiting for his wonderful advice Am glad to share with you. Thanks a lot I gonna be letting you know everything dear could I have u email address also please
 Hello. I was told about AIU for going back to school. Was curious is there a fee to apply? Yes I am located in Iowa and need something to work at my own pace I would need financial assistance was going to fill out the fafsa as I havent attended college for a number of years would the summer session be part of the 2017-2018 year if I were aiming to get into one of those sessions? Associates of Business Krystal Dearing krystaldearing@yahoo.com and 3195384085 Was interested in starting for the August term when filling out the fafsa would it be the 2017-2018 school year or the 2018-2019 school year Thank you I have a time set up for tomorrow to talk with Michael Thank you If I do have more questions I will reach out. Have a good evening
 I would like to study counseling for children and adults.
 Hi Robin. I am inquiring about Aiu online to request a transcript Thank you
 Hi arica i am inquiring with regard to your online programms I am very much interested in taking up a post grads n business management yes sure. name - shehan tharuka email - shezfactor1122@gmail.com number - +94 715393225 i am a citizen from Sri Lanka i have a diploma in business administration from Australian college of Business and technology furthermore i have working experience of 6 years as an freelance agent for Nielsen and 2 + years of experience as a senior business development and operations executive anywhere within the hours of 9.00am to 5.00pm local would be ieal i am free at the moment too please do understood thank you so much for your assistance arica have agreat day
 hello i would like to assist online but i want to know some informations about the college undergraduate thank u
 AIU
 when do the next class start criminal justice bacholor when is the next one after july 4 ok thanks
 I submitted my application onlin but I am unable to utilize the app Dwayne Wilson  wilson1914d@gmail.com 2566588915 Okay It keep sayi big incorrect username or password So by me not being a student yet I can’t utilized do I have to wait until I get accepted into the program to use the AIU student app
 Do y’all have a AUI IN Arlington Texas What do I need to Qualify Ok thank you
 Hey. I'm looking to work in the law enforcement Law enforcement
 How do Ia wondering what the next steps are after filling out my application? Maria turner 6158400897 rainandsunshine1993@gmail.com Ok. Thanks No thank you
 I am seeking to change my career field and know that I need training to get that done I dont think I honestly want to stay in healthcare no looking for the best institution to help me complete my educational goals. I am an LVN and do not care to further that part of my education. I do have some credits from other universities and at this time I am trying to get a copy of my transcripts
 hello paul this is antonius im currently attending aiu but would like to change my major no sir no sir thank you for the help
 Hello Trying to get my Alumni set up Eric Stanford 678-663-3565 estanford7@gmail.com I attended buckhead This is for alumni page setup
 My name is Terrie Davison. I'm needing to get a copy of my official transcripts. I did online classes and graduated back in 2004 or so Thank you No. Thanks though
 Hello I'm just trying to get a copy of my degree plan on one page so that I can show my job it kind of confusing Thanks
 Im filling out forms and need to know the federal school code please. I'm not need the federal school code for financial aid I guess Texas? I live in Pa and only doing online. Thank you very much.
 I am interested in continuing my masters degree in business Online What steps should I take Business Business Della Wilson 604140299 Wilson.della49@yahoo.com 2604140299 You are welcom ok At this time I have no one of interest but myself If i find any one who is interested i will let you know Jaque
 Online Is there a geriatric program Healthcare management if not Are they avaliable now
 Online I forgot my passwor Tara Freeman theoneyouremember3@gmail.com 31423676i6 3142367686
 Hello. I used to be a student at AIU and would like to know my dates of attendance please. I don't know anyone.
 Hi Paul I need to enroll in AIU Online whats my next step Business Administration No Ok LouisThibodeaux  macpimp7@gmail.com 360-423-1497 Thank you Ok No one
 I need to reset my password and no 100% of my user name from being enrolled in BA program before. The email associated with account ... Also unsure of. Chermeka Alexander 41Mamaof2.Alexander@gmail.com (916)670-5049 My phone number is the same when I was enrolled. I may not have access to email that was associated with my account. It may have been. Joeysladybug @yahoo.com Thank you.
 I can not log onto my acct It tells me my security answers are wrong and I know they are right Teresa Cowan Jtcowan99@sbcglobal.net 2102134748 Thank you Kim Ok. Thanks
 ye hi. i just barely got the application done. i just wanted someone to know that my address will be changing afer the 4th of july Shawna Simons mysticwolf641@gmail.com   41 county road 307 Saratoga Wyo 82331  307-253-8733 ok thank you
 Hi yes please I wanna get scholarship No but I wanna study on line Yes ido
 I can't  login my  account Can u have them call me 361 717 0889 Destiny Renee Bell  3617170889 belldestiny2015@gmail.com Ok
 Hello Paul I was wondering I had attended the campus in Los Angeles CA. Who would I contact in order to obtain a copy of my transcript? Do you still offer the Interior Design program? Do you happen to know when the program was ended? Thank-you for your time. Good-bye
 Hi I forgot my username and the email is not delivering. Aimee barkershaun90@gmail.com 9362298205 Thank you
 i am enrolled online
 hello I graduated from AIU online several years ago I need to request some records and I need the address thanks ok thanks
 Hello! I've already graduated. I had a question on whom I need to contact I need a statement that states my last enrollment date Thank you so much!
 I’m  trying to reset my password Breonnadorris@yahoo.com I don’t think so
 Hello.  I had already submitted info for online classes.  I did the fafsa and everything.  I lost touch with whom I was dealing with.  Can u see if my info is still in the system and what I might still need to do to get started? Stephanie stephens Stephstephens7487@yahoo.com Phone number 6786705414 Yes Anytime Add the number 6782506704
 Hi there Do you have choreography online program Aha ok thank you so much
 I can't remember my log in info powellm409@gmail.com My user name is Michael.Powell269 I think Let me ask you a question I was supposed to stated June 4 but I got them to wait till next month so does that mean I have to do the application process all over 8038880540 Yes hey I just got on the mobile app on my tablet I have it set for pin code I got in thank you very much sorry to bother you All my info is here thank you very much you have a great rest of the night Thank you it's going to be different going back to school even if it's online I been out of school 17 yrs lol Good evening
 Online Previous student re enrolling. From Spring 2017 Graduate Healthcare Management Fafsa completed Karedajacob@aol .......Karedajacob@aol Jacob-Evans.... Correspondence via email...
 Hi Alice Cleveland ohio
 AIU Online Business criminal science G. E. D. Lisa Dye dyelisa411@gmail.com 5756599301 Ok
 online Bachelor of science in criminal justice with a concentration in forensic science i have an associates degree in medical laboratory technician. no i don't have any credits from outside the US my name is Dennis Long jr. My email is Dlong7717@yahoo.com and my phone number is 570-847-7436. my adviser is Michelle Akins. with working third shift it's hard to contact her. i mainly sleep during the day. but i will try an call her tomorrow when i get the chance. thank you ok
 whats the next start date after july 21 criminal justice online some college
 hey the one by gessner
 Hello I was wondering how much the tuition is for a bsn degree in healthcare management specialist in gerontology? Only online classes High school...and I went to a vocational school and recieved a certificate in medical assisting
 Yes I was a student here. I was trying to figure out how to re-enroll/clear up a balance owed Lakesha Moore  kesha.moore@hotmail.com  2296300855 (which wasn't my current phone number during my period at AIU)
 What is username?
 Online Laura Marantette lmarantette60@gmail.com (208) 421 7616 Assos in Health care CNA
 Hello. I was actually wondering if there is a foreign exchange program. Like if i do my associates online and then finish my bachelors in south korea or japan on campus? Yes i know. I was wondering if you had an exchange student program. So what does intercontinental mean?
 Shantavia Hello. I wanted to ask a few questions about attending this school I was recently withdrawn from UMA due to medical reasons. My GPA was low and i couldn't catch up in time. I want to look into MAA Medical assistance Admins What are all the medical programs offered
 where can I find a course description for biology 114? sorry im at work is there a way I could get a syllabus for a biology calss from 2010? biology 144 syllabus because the description Erin gave me from advisors did not give much information of the class. Thanks
 so i finshed my app and and wondering how to enroll in my classes dustin mclean 17633 118th ave se renton wa se
 online I withdrew myself back in 2009 can I still complete my degree
 I am trying to find out how to request my transcripts from AIU I already have a Master's from there no thank  you
 Il I'M Online What are the best degrees you offer Law heart psych
 I am a student and unable to log on. Kym Miller 970-778-2074  kymmiller32@msn.com Thank you.  I am on online student.  I am wondering if the site is having issues. thank you Thank you so much
 hello.  i amhaving trouble loging onto the virtual account.  i even changed my password and it still will not accept what i do valencia raheem valencia_raheem@yahoo.com 6316039668 i went through enrollment and im supposwd to be starting 7/4. im awaiting the payment amount to set up payments.  i have 5 classes to take yes he is the one that sent me the email so that i can view the virtual school what to do for classes etc. yes it is saying my email or password is not correct.  i changed it and it strill doesnt work when i changed it the message said it was changed
 I’m trying to get information on my college course content  for my associates degree and my bachelors . it’s being requested by my employer how do I go about getting it Nicol Johnson Nicole Thank you
 are you connected with the financial office. yes. Are they in today can you connect me Terry Bryant terway2@yahoo.com.  318-701-0903 PLease do. Time is running out to finish my finacial enrolment Thats financial aid enrollment. Sorry ytping to fast. yea but my finacial aid couselor said i needed something else.
 I need y used name and my password crystalcooper455@gmail.com  Crystal hayes 7609792092 4422291193
 What would my concentration be i have my bachelors and want a degree in medical but staying with business [Ooooooooooooook Bachelors of organizational management Tierra Russell 216 632 6848 russelltierra2013@gmail.com Hello Nevermind. I just need answer Bye
 Hi Arica trying to locate an advisor Courtney Williams. Can you tell me what location she is at please? Cannot access that hyperlink Is AIU associated with the University of Conneticut? Ok...............thank you. Signing off!
 wanna pursue education or a business course
 Hi I need to speak with someone in Tech Support Can you please give me that number? I am unable to log into my online classes thank you
 Don't remember password or user name
 Hello online Criminal justice I’m already enrolled I have a question I spoke to you yesterday about my last name being changed . It has been changed but I was trying to contact financial aid about creating me and new personal code but no one is answering the phone Okay
 I applied as a transfer to do online but I'm unsure about what to do after I apply I am interested in a bachelor's degree around the forensic science focus Brianna Proctor briannav8proctor@gmail.com 9109685691 Okay thanks
 Your accreditation is with the HLC which used to be North Central Assoc  correct?
 hey i  am  try to  start online  classes ok 252 343 7380 3957 wadie  carson road  tanyamoore620@gmail.com TANYA  L  MOORE ARE  Y THERE
 When does your next semester begin? Okay thans thanks
 I need help with my account Michael Bell tyronemckinnon12@gmail.com 330-306-8200
 I've already been accepted and some reason I can't reach anyone anymore and I don't Help Richard Schroeder 1310 elderberry ridge ln 5028131311 Now please Yes
 Hello My name is Ka'ualani Cariaga when is the soonest I can start? Do you have online programs that I can take? masters in psychology no Ka'ualani Cariaga. (808)783-5510. kaualanicariaga99@gmail.com My phone hasn't been working can the advisor email me instead? United States of America I live In Hawaii on the island of Oahu.My highest level is High school diploma and no I haven't completed any outside of the US. yes Ill ask my parents when they come home
 My name isBenita I would like to start school however I have  credits I can transfer from Georgia State University but I have to pay an $800 bill first also I only want to pay for Aer you with scholarships only no more grants or I should say no more Pell Grant said no more loans Correction pay for AIU with...... Ok  thanx I’ll call
 I am inquiring about your law enforcement degree I would like online 17 college credits I need the degree for my work tom mougeotte 616-780-8250 mougeottetom@ymail.com as I say this will help for advancement in my work yes I am a K-9 deputy how about a half hour yes thank you
 Hello yes im trying to get re enrolled in AIU masters in business admin
 Hi Kim I'm looking for the best contact to reach out to about employment opportunities for your BSIT new grads
 Hi I'm international student. I'm interested in the bachelor business program in AIU. Could you send me the total cost for a semester if I study here please? my name is Sang Huynh. email: jacob.huynhts@gmail.com I prefer to contact by email so can you send this email to the advisor please thank  you so much
 Hi Arica I am prior student of AIU and wanted to see if I am eligible for readmission. I was dismissed in November/December of 2017. Online campus
 I just want to inquiry about the procedure in doing online course in your university yes i have diploma in accounting and finance from institute of commercial management england SIERRA LEONE WEST AFRICA I NOW WANT TO DO LOGISTICS  AND PROCURMENT WHAT OF BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION I WANT TO DO BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION YES DO YOU OFFER BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION? MYSELF OK GREAT IS THERE ANY REQUIREMENT FOR ME TO STRAT A DEGREE COURSE WHAT THE MEANING OF NACES WHEN WILL THE ADMISSION ADVISOR DISCUSS THAT WITH ME MY NAME IS JANET ALPHA I AM A SIERRA LEONEAN MY CONTRACT NUMBER IS :=23276245800\+23277293487 HELLO alphajanet19@gmail.com yes through which medium? +23276245800 how to apply?
 Hello i need information on getting my transcripts from aiu Ok thank you. Yes i did
 No thanks T
 how do i get into my email stephanie.mcgowan so i dont put @ anything thank you
 I would to get started on my classes please Elizabeth chiampa and my email is lizzietish507@gmail  .com 740-358-7851 My number And email
 I can't login to my online classes. yes thank you
 hello. I attended AIU online and graduated in Feb 2011. How can I get a copy of my Bachelor's Diploma? ty you too
 Where can I go to add a debit card so I can recieve the disbursement? Ok. Do you know when the disbursement is or when tuition is due? Ok
 hi I'm trying to add you guys on to my fafsa I just quickly need the school code thanks a bunch
 hello is there a way i can speak wit Masnoon yes
 Hey Mrs. Veroncia i would like to see if i can enrolled in this college Altanta Alabama Healthcare No ma'am or i would to earn my g.ed. if there nothing in healthcare or i can do both of them do u offer g.e.d alright i go for healthcare then well i goit my ged my friend what to if u dfo ged my name is Natalie L. Chester my phone number is (334)777-4912 and my e-mail is nataliesaxon22@gmail.com yes ma'am i would like attend online yes ma'am
 can not log in to campus online error messages thank you mark lambert  2184998045 lambertbeckyoctober232011@yahoo.com ok i will try again
 anyone near fairburn Online In Atlanta Media Production/ Videography Tamara Westbrook brushanna2020@gmail.com hold on trying to get my number 770 685 5037
 i was just doing my interview via chat and it turned off im back sorry for the inconvience im Kathy Jackson thank you to answer your previous question before technical difficulties...I would like to enter data at hospitals yes You"re welcome. yes mam no mam no questions Ok yes mam im intrested ok sounds great yes mam ok ok I finised my financial aid and added the school code 2017-2018 ok ok yes mam no mam  no questions ok ok ok yes mam You're welcome ok thank you ok ok no mam I dont think I completed admissions yes mam do  click that i forgot my password i have my username yes mam i think ok thanks because i dont remember the security questions ok thank you THank you for all your help I hope you have a wonderful work day
 Hello
 online healthcare management I'm trying to sign I'm  but having some difficulty.  my name is Delores McFoley .deloresmcfoley41@gmail.com.2394620154 ok thank you
 hello I can't remember my user name or pass I need to get on to fill out my fasts Bethany has been helping me but I guess she left cchristopher Harding christopherharding52@gmail.com 775-764-8822 fasa not fasts I'm enrolling Bethany is my. advisor so i will talk to her tomorrow
 I don’t have a user name or password just trying to make an account. How do I make an account? 268 425 2995 I will give you my phone number I am very paranoid Forensic expert No Before 1:00 - or after 6:00.
 hello i just need to know where i can access the virtual campus lol i can't find it nor do i remember the website thats bringing me to the online login page you didn't give me the info i asked for.  i need to complete my grad file and i have to do that through the virtual campus at least  that is what my adviser said.  .. However I can't figure out how to get there okay thanks
 Morning I an trying to get info on obtaining my high school transcript
 hello my name is angela battle and can you tell me how to set up direct deposit for refunds on accouant yes i am okay thinks
 Hello  I tried to request info on yur bachelors degree online  and it said that it's not taking zip codes from MA Is the course not available to Massachusetts residents ? Why is this ?
 Online interested in the Le Cordon Bleu restaurant management degree?
 I actually had a question about careers at AIU...Specifically if the jobs listed had closing dates? Great! Thanks so much for the contact info!
 what classes you has in healthcare care ok thanks ok i will let you know
 I need to speak wirth someone about my ARC transcript from the Army Matthew Overby. 912-321-9509. Matthewoverby@icloud.com. Yes i do Thank you. the best time would most likey be 3 PM. Or exchanging emails with someone would work as well yes i do thank you! and when do the next classes for Criminal Justice (BSCJ): Specialization in Homeland Security and Crisis Management start what is the next enrollment date? i am most intrested in the August session. July is going to be a very busy month for me i also have questions regarding the yellow grant ok thank you.
 Hello how long are your classes? 8 weeks? Online Graduate How long are undergraduate classes?
 I am interested in online Business with specialization in hospitality Associates degree Hoping all my credits will transfer
 Good morning My student aid disbursement was released yesterday but I have not received my direct deposit on my student card yet. Ok
 hi I am interested in Masters program and i want to apply I can't reach the number on the contact page Great thank you. Bachelors I am an international student Obinna Unanka +639153293311 305 707 9008 ambbovel@gmail.com Nigeria But i am based in Philippines i studied here I would love the Houston TX Yes.. I have not started evaluation... I am in the philippines so its should be PM time... so where do i go from here..
 how do I get a copy of my transcript
 Hello Rosalyn I am a university professor.  I would like to teach some mathematics or statistics courses for your university.  Where do I begin?
 I am not sure. I have no degrees and am considering getting a phd what would be you rrecommendation agriculture
 Good morning I am a former student I just graduated this month with an associates in criminal justice what does it take to get a certificate degree okay Terrell Brown brownterrell121@gmail.com 6812470475 certificate program morning hours
 Im trying to see if this school is right for me Criminal justice
 hi my name shauna fyan and could you teal my if i have anything to do for class?? yes i just come back but i am not shear what to do for class this week ?? yes
 yeah i don' I don't think I did the application
 online i really would love to go back to school
 For State/Province/Region: Which click other country or out usa. The reason I ask that I from St.Thomas U.S.V.I. so want to know which one click on. online
 I am having trouble with my number when ever I dial in At the request information I write my name email and zip code but the phone number is not accepting. I am interested in pursuing education online at this noble university and I have sent all of my information. Have been accepted already I don't have it right now with me. Here you are abdulkarimka397@gmail abdulkarimka397@gmail.com +231 779058231 +231 776312117    /   +231880786695.   / My highest level of education  is high school YesI am a Liberian  West Africa I am a Liberian West Africa. Ok what is the information please? I think it's an online classes program which you offer Please I am really in need but I am a less fortunate person financially Name: Abdul Karim Kamara email :abdulkarimka397@gmail.com  phone :+231779058231 At 10 : 00 PM It is 4:00 AM You mean 8:30 AM? Ok it works for me. Thank you so much MAY GOD ALMIGHTY BLESS US ALL.
 online criminal justice angelique bunton kelley.angelique@yahoo.com 573-465-0403 1222 kingshighway mt sterling mo 65062 im on the phone with admissions
 Hi Business Administration Business Administration Sorry high school Yes Sudan Sudan
 I am now on the phone with your institution.
 hi i am looking to get a degree online im not sure
 Hello can you tell me how much is it per credit hour for the masters in information technology program? ok thank you!
 I completed my FAFSA  with another school and I was wondering how could I transfer that over to your school No Sherita Love ritakaja@yahoo.com6012740681
 im trying to sign up for classes and see if I qualify for a grant online classes so I'm not sure which one ged in 2013 and no outside credits angela robertson monicluvchez@gmail.com 13540 sw 156th terrace archer florida 32618...... 352 616 3163 at work only got 15 minutes to return from break tomorrow I can in the morning yes 7pm
 Where do I find the academic calendar? Online Thanks
 I like Mr Croft to call me Reginald Campbell  please I was getting  enrolled with him today and I wrote his number wrong I sent it and now is getting  worried about giving More information
 having problems signing app what am i doing wrong i am doing my app now it isnt complete it says that unable to aunthenicate esignature please double check the information us no i am doing online app first
 what is the cost of the credit hours for accounting bachelor
 Hi my name is kayla I would like to get my degree but I don’t have money to go to school Business I graduated high school No Kayla montero Kaylamontero@gmail.com 71740400951 7174040951 I am at work right I am on break and it is almost time to get back to work can they send me an email about the information please I won’t be home until 12:30am
 Good morning Kristen you are a lifesaver I have been talkin with mr. Don and I was going to start my online classes July 4th you would not believe this I called to get my transcripts from the private Christian school I went to and they said that the principal had died like 8 years ago and no one knows where his wife is at and the school is closed down completely. Do you have any suggestions at all or do you know of anything that I can do to try to get them transcripts. Thank you so very much for your time and concern
 Hello it is going to take a few weeks to get my ged can I get everything else done while I’m waiting? Online Paula Adams paulaadams2004@gmail.con 9374057646
 I do not have user name I am new Home Tread519@cloud.com tread519@icloud.com
 Online BBA
 Hi I’m trying to get online to access my classes and it won’t let me login Saying my password is incorrect and when I click forgot password to reset it it says incorrect answers to security question but I know they are correct. Destiny Reese Destinyreese22@icloud.com ‭1 (409) 370-8458‬ Thank you
 hi i 'm trying to apply to deaf colleges and i don't  remeber my username and password Says I had an account but I don't remeber making one maybe for my acts A.C.t.s michelle colon phone # 570-269-8448 email michellemegancolon@gmail.com around morning time would that be okay??
 hello what is the school code nevermind i found it
 I am actually a previous student and trying to find out where I need to contact to get my transcripts. none right now thank you. have a good night
 HOW CAN I GET BACK IN SCHOOL MY NAME IS SHAUNA FYAN INLINE CAMPUS 989281-1085 SHAUNAFYAN759@GMAIL.COM SHAUNAFYAN759@GMAIL.COM YES
 Do you have any online accounting classes Any online accounting classes No I haven't. I'm currently at Remington College in South Carolina taking Medical Classes. I have my High School Diploma and working on a Certificate for MA but wanted to pursue something different Mashikia Hall mashikiahall@gmail.com 803-888-0444
 Hi im interested in online classes for business management High School Diploma and No
 hi paul what is short goal can you tell me please ohh thanks
 Even though I withdrew I keep getting emails to re enroll how can I stop those? Rebeccaerbar1@outlook.com No I don't. Thank toy for your help.
 Hi I have questions on how an international student will be able to apply At Houston location
 Not sure yet Also IAM not ready for school yet I have to much work on my hands work nd school
 Good afternoon i have one question. is a high school diploma/GED required to enroll? Thank you! i have a high school diploma
 No thank you
 Reset my password Hello
 hi Arica. I used to be a student at AIU  and I'm interested in returning. Is that too difficult? OK. I need to look at my records but the last year I attended was around 2000. On line school. I think I transferred all my St Peter's college records in. Do I need to do that again? The name is Jose Otero JRO680@earthlink.net. I think so. 917-974-0030 ok
 Hi! That seems really copy and pasted Sorry..  Bye....
 I go to login I put in my username it says it's wrong and the password right so I do it again then it says the password is right and the username is not Veronica Lara   3737vicky@gmail.com  4322081035 Veronica Lara   3737vicky@gmail.com  4322081035
 Hello How do I order a transcript? ok thank you so much
 good morning i applied to your university about two years ago was just inquiring if i would have to re- apply because i didnt start at all my name is cecile roberts email address is cecile.ariel.roberts@gmail.com my phonenumber is 14734058051 no am not am from Grenada international student Grenada (Caribbean) can you give me a reminder of those please ok thank you for that so am I still in the system or do I have to re- apply am interested in starting later on this year maybe august or so actually am not am in Grenada want to do online studies no it wont becausei currently have a permanent job so i am just seeking an acceptance letter so i can prove that I am doing studies but i just need to know what i need to do to get to that point ok thank you i can speak to them if they can call please thanks
 Online Degrees Programs and Courses | AIU
 The online campus The Masters program for business with HR I already received my Bachelors Fromm AIU Bianca Barton. 662-614-5194 biancar91@yahoo.com You’re welcome and alright Yes. I filled out the necessary forms yesterday I was supposed to receive a call today from financial at 10 but they never called I was trying to see what my next steps would be or if they’re doing processing on their end Ok I will do that. Thank you
 Hey Robin I just wanted to know the format for or student email I'm enrolled online latanya.simmon 4787727582 Your welcome Ok thank you! And I don't believe so
 Yes i am trying to get a hold of my unofficial transcripts
 Hi I need to get an unofficial transcript Who do we contact for that
 yes my name is Christopher Sumpter univ 103 I need help getting started with my class yes not yet I am trying to log in but cant remember my password or something to the nature of that chrissumpter81@gmail.com yes thanks need to get to virtual campus now
 Hi how can I get a copy of your grading scale or grade index do you know where it is in the catalog thank you very much I have looked over it but cant find. ok I am still not seeing it.. do you have any idea where I could find it.
 my name is destiny I cant login in to my FAFSA id  account can u have them to call me 361-717-0889 Destiny Renee Bell belldestiny2015@gmail.com ur welcome
 What is the address we use for online students? I am trying to update my V.A form for G.I benefits I am currently a online student here thank you so much
 Hi do you guys have an actual graduation ceremony? If so where is it located? Yes i am
 hi i need to talk to an admission advisor
 Grant money Joyce kirkendoll kirkendolljoyce59@. Com 4098380062
 Where is the open house at today? In Atlanta This there a particular place or building to go to Ok.... Thank you
 trying to do t he intro step atlanta a new student yes
 i am a grad from AIU and am trying to get a copy of a course description QMB350 it was a statistical Analysis class 2008 ok how do i contact them ty yes i am
 Business administration and computer technology My email address Ingram Thomas 33390@yahoo.com and my password D5510211234  d    My phone number cell phone 323-877-2673    My home number 323 380 3185 Could you please give me a call on my cell phone please 323-877-2673 thank you very much God bless you
 Is it possible to study at a local college and be applied for this college also?
 Hi Online master MBA Is none US residents allowed? Higher diploma All of it Libya Yes..but want to know whats the average time r to graduate Halab Mamer. m.halab@yahoo.com 00218913794568 wats ur time now 12 hours from now Ok.. thank you and have a great evening
 GOD DAY good day I am trying to inquire on how can i apply to get a bachelor's degree using my CCAF i am trying to get a bachelor degree in manaGEMENT yes Patrick Demesa 808-518-0515 patrickmdemesa@yahoo.com you'll accept Tuition assistance? ok
 I am calling from Holt High School in Tuscaloosa AL.  A former student just requested that her final transcript be faxed to you.  She gave me the # 1-877-701-3800 however this is not a fax #.  Can you give me the correct # to send her transcript? Thank you!!
 Hi it says I have acc but I have never been here b 4 William Smith 828_237-3452 bigpimpnws1@gmail.com
 The online one Criminal Law Sarah Robertson 2692482679 cyanoella17@gmail.com Im busy all day tomorrow I have an advisor calling me Friday But thanks ok
 6665 rey  atle
 I scrolled the entire application and I checked the box and it still won't let me what gives? James Davis james davis77778@yahoo.com 574-747-5481 Yes No Ok
 Online courses for a bachelor degree in business administration in marketing I have an aas in petroleum technology do you think I have to take the full 4 years or just 2 years to complete the program?
 Hello I was going to see if someone could get in contact with me in regards to starting back at aiu It’s been a few year since I have been there Keisha Beccue 618 335 4494 kbeccue15@gmail.com Beccue3@gmail.com
 is there a campus in orlando Well I'm trying to apply to the Cordon Bleu in orlando but it keeps burning me to your website
 how long does it take to recover password I've been waiting about 10 min it just came through
 I need to change my username and password can you assist me with it please?
 OK I got a Little lost
 Hi Do aiu have a fulltime MBA in human resource at Atlanta campus? I completed my bachelors from India When is the next batch starting? And how long is the duration? Indian citizen Oki Merrin Phone:5183844532 merrinmariesjohn@gmail.com Yes Sanal Ninan 9493099412
 what is undergraduate course? just want to take general classes so what do i need to do about general courses online
 can I take ged class on line
 Atlanta campus MBA in Accounting/Finance My highest level of education is first degree in Applied Accounting completed in Malawi. Yes I would like to.. but is there any scholarship possibilities? Name Mike Jass Email mikejass2@gmail.com Phone +265998762486 Of course they're several in my society who might need such opportunities. Alright I appreciate your great help. Have a great day too.
 I'm trying to apply for VA benefits. What is the school address that I need to put into the VA website? Online This is a simple question never mind I found it on google. Thanks but no thanks
 I’m not sure Yet Audrey Rodriguez rodriguezaudrey59@gmail.com 956-272-7924 2pm would be perfect
 Online Reentry CJ 19319 churubusco lane germantown mid  Yvonne igodo Yvonneagale@gmail.com Oops md 2404266453 is in ur file 20091775 is my stid U can call me on 2028490985
 Hi Kim I would like a copy of my transcripts How do I obtain them? Thank you You too.
 Dont know Ive already yalked to somebody dy I just havevto fill out application
 hi! Can you help me more about assessment in classroom? no. am a teacher. got some presentation to do for our in service training. and my topic is about assessment.
 I was wondering if I can go to yall college online what do you mean about that yes I want to know what kind of jobs yall have for bachelor degrees i was wondering if i can have a meeting with you do yall have military program yes
 Hello my name is Sandra Jackson and trying to recover my username so can you help me on this Jsandra044@gmail.com Yes
 i missed my appointment due to phone issues however i was trying to complete my admission application Kathy Jackson laqueshajackson21@gmail.com 2294435188 they provided e with a username do i create a password my phone is broke thats my whole issue at the moment probably not im waiting to recieve a new one in the mail next week no online classes what do i need to live chat no high school diploma No healthcare analysis
 what does programmatically accredited mean in your MBA Degree What does programatically accredited mean in your MBA Degree What does programatically accredited mean in your MBA Degree Thank you for clarification. Have a nice day.
 i have been  a  healthcare professional   since   1984   travel nurse xx  10  TRAUMALEVEL  I  & II  facilities   MD  PA VA   NC   SC   DC   WV     FL     currently  hold   all   credentials   ACLS PALS  BLS   TNCC  yet  have  had  a TOTAL RIght  hip  replacement    am  58   to be  59  this  year   and   desire  to  continue   working  yet  as  a home health care  nurse    (door  to  door) nursing   the  finanicial gain  has  me  in the  negative in  PA      so  I  have  NO college  fund    have  ONE Son w/  two  years   of  a  4 year  degree  BS  program   to  complete  so  I  am  paying    35K+  for  his  schooling  PLUS   and  have  NO  extra   to  pay  for MY education  so  I would need  financial  aide   and  ON  line   unless  I  could  move to houstin  or  Atlanta      thank you  Susan  Poling  RN
 I have 68 credits only 13 could transfer? I am 2 classes left on associates in health Information technology No I wanted to shift towards business.
 hello my name is devona new to thes and i dont rember the info i put in yes i side up but they need me to redo one thing yes  leonard willams yes monday i will have to whate till then thank u happy fatherday to u
 I am a former student entering in March of this year. and was previously dismissed and want to return. What are the requirements for reentrance. Patricia Epps (patriciaepps5@outlook.com) 478 697-6533. ok thank you. anytime this morning. I get off work at 7 am. My time which is in about 30 mins. Thank you so much. i made the mistake of jumping in too early needed time to get situated now that I am I am ready to return. How soon do you think I will hear from someone. ok Thank you so much Liane
 Hi Rosalyn I'm Mary Ann..I 'm trying to get to my password "Help" I think i'm getting to it.. not yet or ist Antonio it's telling me to return to my e-mail... Rosalyn my Senior moments came back around so I'm safe now...panic attack is over...thank you for being there for me.... Yes with David Gonzalez I'm ok now ....I think...thanks again..
 To create a pass word
 Online I actually just got off the phone with someone from AIU I'm doing an application but it's saying I already have an account? Yes
 Hello my name isn’t Samantha Skinner how can one find out if credits transfer to another college I have applied to possibly become a student I just need to know when I graduate from this school that I will be able to use that diploma to get a job here and if I ever wanted to further my credits will transfer to another college I have not
 hi what is the number for tech support online thanks
 I am being told that I owe a debt to your school which I have never attended. Who do I need to contact to resolve this
 hi kristie I would like to know does your campus offer laptops or computers for their students online campus
 Hello there I am fine and you. I'm trying to fill out my application Roy Brown  989 7577521. roybrown0427@gmail. com
 I'm coming back to the campus when ya'll call me my phone went dead destiny  belldestiny2015@gmail.com 361 717 0889 ok Houston tx criminal justice no I was attend at  ur college u can call me  tonight tomorrow when can I start yes please tell them to text me do u know anyone that will reenroll me again ok
 hello i was wondering if there are any courses for biology bum ass school
 hi I'm currently a student I get my degree in oct associate in science criminal justice I was wondering about my bachelor's degree and how long it will take me if I get my degree in homeland security and crisis management ok thanks
 I am a member of the Poarch Creek Indians. I am looking to go back to school. I have been studying Genealogy for years. I would like to continue a degree in research.
 Houston I just completed my first degree in Bsc of Science in Agriculture Education and I want to further  in Animal biotechnology at the Master's level Bachelor's degree in Agriculture and Education  and I completed in the University of Education winneba  Ghana at the College of Agriculture Name : Richard Adomako Asenso Email : citizenkojo3@gmail.com Phone number : +233246764636 Arica can I also have your  email address and phone number please? Ghana
 What's the address there I'm Illinois Thx
 Hi How do I request my transcript to be sent to a university please?
 Hi! I would like to find out if you have any programs available to partner with a business to offer discounted tuition to employees No I'm looking for information for my company.
 Hi Veronica Do you guys offer a specialization in Human Resources strategy Online Recent BA from AIU
 Hello either Atlanta or Houston do you offer scholarships to international students Master in Forensic Psychology
 Hey I am trying to get a copy of my unofficial transcript Thanks
 hello jacque hello jacque im intersing in police classes im interested in takeing biography yes can I ask you a question is me in you chat monitor is are chating monitor why im mad at do were did you go
 I am a restaurant owner in Gainesville GA. Do you have any  graduating students needed a job? I am looking for kitchen help full time. are you there??? thanks
 Hey Ty School code is 014720 Online Yes Linda Nichols 8507308474 caponelaytone@gmail.com
 Online
 how do i get aiu mobile app on my windows tablet yes i am
 Hello My name is amosu abosede racheal Pls i want to talk to my advisor Hello Mirranda taylor Yes i messaged her already but she has reply me And i need to talk to her urgently sir Hello Pls what can i do now Pls could you help me to contact her cos am not around where there is network I can only chat using wifi Boselove17@gmail.com +639159586598 Thank you Thank you
 YES I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHEN I WILL GET MY FIRST IMBUSEMENT ON MY VIBE ACCOUNT AFTER I START July4 ok ok
 Hello i alread have my associate degree in business administration  with you. What course would i have to take to get my BA In Business Mark Hunter 267-799-4486 angelmark82@gmail.com Technology Management Some of thess courses already looks like i have taken them thats fine no not at this time ok just ootion 2
 Online Bachelors No I have a degree in Criminal Justice already
 Back in 2012 I started a entrance form however I believe I never finished it do you have any information of anything else I did Robert Moles rpmoles@live.com back in 2012 could of been 3142205504 or 6189750766 yep but never used it for this Your welcome nothing at the moment I got a  hit my credit report that CAREER EDUCATION CORPORATION charged me money that wasnt paid but I did not start any college courses one of CAREER EDUCATION CORPORATION schools is AIU that is what I thought too but AIU was the only school I have in my historical emails I looked up CAREER EDUCATION CORPORATION and the only two schools are AIU and a Colorado shool Nope all tech schools and military OK and the only data I have is when I did a Financial Aid check nope So someone used my data then thanks Robin I will place this in my records when I dispute it. thank you Have a good night Your welcome glad to
 Hello Robin it keeps saying my birth date is invalid No ma'am I am trying to get accepted. milliejordon60@gmail.com jordan Thank you anytime between 1-2 my contact number is 502-780-3353 Thank you so much!! Is there any way if I get accepted will I be able to do my classes online? Thank you so much!!!
 Ive been trying to access the mini  lesson and do it. I dont have computer at home and the computers at my local library wont allow me access to the lesson. It has blocked the support link. What can I do?
 I am trying to do a program change and i was told to go to the application center and fill out the information page (#1) and click on save and continue and on page 2 there is supposed to say select a program and start date etc. and i am to fill out the rest of it in order to change my program but i am unable to move past page 1 yes they are the ones to give me the directions on how to do this but it isn't working
 Online Business admin Some college n no Ashley Townes  Ashleytownes26@gmail.com 601-594/9081 No I’m not
 atlanta i have questions about a career in the music industry I am preparing to graduate from Alabama state university with a BA in communications I have done a tour at AIU and was interested in taking some classes in audio recording ok no
 Hello my name is Jalen Fowler and I was wondering how I can be readmitted to AIU. I was recently withdrawn for not supplying my financial aid on time. My email is jfowler@cps.edu and I don't have a working phone as of late. Thank you.
 Hi my name is Sam and I would like to go to vet school online Online
 Hello. I am looking for scholarships No. I am a student at Nashville State Community College Actually no What do you mean? No. I am just applying scholarship for women
 Online BSCJ specializing in Corrections and Case Management Shonvera Sheppard 352-231-1071 Shonvera@yahoo.com Yes that's fine
 Hi Paul do you have a campus in Orlando. Im a international student from Jamaica intrested in the Hospitality Management degree Ok Thank you thanks paul
 what is the total number of students? what is the total numbers of students overall?
 online I have been attending National University and honestly on need 2 classes to receive my degree but find it too hard to complete while on deployment.  so I'm trying to figure my options or if I need to wait until I back stateside to complete it at National How do I get started? Latai (Tia) Thomas email: tia.dion@gmail.com.  I am currently in Qatar you're welcome Great thanks I have a cell phone but I'm not able to speak at the moment as I am at work thank you
 as i came to know about this offer right now but it looks late . may i apply? AIUonline i ahd completed my MSc psychology MS PSYCHOLOGY AND IN HRM do you have any degree? ok thankyou no i need help of scholarship
 You can tell me what i can write in zipcode Pakistan Alu houston Inter(12) Ok You can sent me your email i will contant with you in gmail i am bust now Ok than u
 online yes I was previously enrolled in AIU online and wanted to speak with someone in the Finance Dept concerning my re-enrollment thanks
 I attended aiu before what would I have to do to get back in kalin gloverhill  470-269-2712 kalinlover@rocketmail.com yes can you call at 4 yes and when will she be contacting me k
 hi Can you please tell me the approximate cost for transcript thank you
 Um Looking for me something to do
 Online I'm inquiring about the Masters for HealthCare Management. I recently graduated from AIU with a Bachelors in Healthcare Management in January I want to know how many classes I need and how much per class Amanda Robertsmandy_roberts_4@yahoo.com.com 719-338-8500 yes I have to go right now to a meeting but that's a good time I'm available. thanks. Thank you have a great day!
 hello do you have a major consisting of ultrasound tech?
 Good morning What degree programs under acquiring a Masters relates to Political Science Im sorry do you have any relating to Political Science Bachelors I am a former alum Anthony Young dcgodfatha729@yahoo.com 2404477186 Can not not at this moment Im at work Later on around 1 that would work best Thanks have a great day
 Hi Paul I am a veteran Unfortunately I moved and in transit lost some paperwork I am in the process of getting my DD-214 but my ID shows my veterans status is that needed to become a student? ok cool thanks Iwill wait for my paperwork
 HELLO Paul I am looking to study online for forensic science
 need help login in warren phillips shirlanamorrison@gmail.com 7029863458 no
 Hi Paul I am an alumni looking to obtain copies of my transcripts can you help direct Thanks Paul.  At this time I do not have anyone looking.
 hello i am a former student and i am trying to get my transcript but i can't login to my account cause i don't know the password and the e mail on file i no longer use let alone know the password what can i do what college do i put for online
 Good day. My name is Maludesa Machica from the Philippines I am really interested with your online MBA I would like to ask if there is a scholarship grant that i can avail to fund my studies. ni maam. I graduated here in the Philippines what are the payment options? ok copy
 Hi whats your fincial aid number ? No im applying for financial aid can i have the number please No im looking to apply Digtal flimmaking I finished a certificate in medical billing and coding No i can only do online my son has autism abd is 2 not elgible to attend daycare untill he is at least 3 or 4. In my area 3212011015 Betsy Vasquez
 Hello my name is Amira Boyd and I just graduated from AIU on 5/22/18. Can I ask a question about graduation fee or do I need to contact student accounts? Ok Thank you!
 Can I  speed to Mrs Wilson?
 my user's name and password this is my correct
 Could you reset the AIU App center page. i am trying to change my career path from an associates in business to a BBA with accounting . i already tried tech support but they said that it is not on their end I am a current student online i have been advised to go and sign these documents in the academics page and i can't get past the App Ctr page
 are you registered onlie
 I am interested in a LPN education U there
 hello houston need help to enter student portal oluwadamilola giwa my email: ayagovernor@gmail.com 8624009288 thanks please can i get anyone tonight? or get any number for houston  to help new student 18B8990638 THANK ok no really apprecate
 I am interested in taking a single online course for the summer is this offered? I do not need a degree program for I am a college student at another instition
 I’m wanting a copy of my high school diploma via email are you able to do that for me? Then who do I need to speak with? I was I’m on a break til can re start classes Thank you
 Illnions the online school.
 Online I’ve already completed the application process I was wondering if I could continue the financial aid process online (without speaking to an advisor) I’ve already completed my fasfa. What’s the next step?
 Its Sadalynn again I looked at my email and there wasn't anything. i checked the spam and other folders. ok thank you
 I am actually an alumni and looking into mentoring.  How does that work and is it a hiring position? I am at the mentoring application right now. i will contact the other person on the alumni page.   where I am.
 Online Criminal justice Oliver Lawrence Leak Jr. Oliverleak1948@gmail.com Thats correct I will discuss it with my advisor. Thanks
 Hello Yes. I was wondering if you had degree pathways for elementary education K-12? And I actually work for the call center for AIU and CTU in Chandler as an IRC. So the Masters in Education....is that for teachers specifically K-12? And I'm just starting out with furthering my education so it doesn't make sense to take on a Master's degree before the prior coursework right? So is my interest better suited for a local college?
 Hi I'm a former student and I/m trying to get re-enrolled and needed to know exactly what i needed to do and if i owed anything for financial aid sharron ellis 773-968-1626 jsharay22@yahoo.com. Yes i'm certainly ready this time around yes i am now. sorry Thank you very much
 Hi I'm Charlesvan I'll like to attend your university High school Abroad No  l want to gather some info before applying. Thanks and have a great day too. No I don't have anyone on my mind but I'll ask some friends who might be interested. Is there a number I can call for more details?
 how can i get enroll
 what is wrong with the online student portal login i am receiving an error message Object reference not set to an instance of an object.   at CEC.UI.Web.Common.ControlTemplates.Login.DoVCPreProcess()    at CEC.UI.Web.Common.ControlTemplates.Login.Page_Load(Object sender EventArgs e)    at System.Web.Util.CalliHelper.EventArgFunctionCaller(IntPtr fp Object o Object t EventArgs e)    at System.Web.Util.CalliEventHandlerDelegateProxy.Callback(Object sender EventArgs e)    at System.Web.UI.Control.OnLoad(EventArgs e)    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMain(Boolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPoint) Troubleshoot issues with Windows SharePoint Services.
 I was just wondering how long each course was business
 hi I forgot my sign in info I graduated in 2015 to restart lisa rheams       luluthompson07@gmail.com 5124818978 yes
 Hi the fees for international students and the local students are same For Houston campus Accounting and finance
 I am applying for BS Criminal justice And there is no option other than accounting Can You help me Criminal justice So basically the course of criminal justice isnt available Am I right? Well Im about to finish high school by March 2019 Here in Philippines So the course that I want isnt available right? How am I gonna change the accounting to Crim. Justice?
 I would like to know which is easier ...Project management degree or supply chain? Post secondary Canada Larry Singh....larrysingh@live.ca..416-300-9000 yes but I prefer through email Is your university is recognized to get Master in Canadian university 8 am to 10 am Toronto time thank you
 I cannot lodge in to my school I was just excepted into this school online and do not know which  state it is. Sonja Aiken 518-949-2334 Sonja.aiken@yahoo.com okay thank you
 Transcripts requests?
 I need help logging in to my class jeannieclay1969@gmail.com I'm lost and cant find my homework page Jeannie.Clay
 I was trying to do a application Sophia H Harris Sophia Harris email hsophia777@gmail.com # 7279067034 I would like to in roll in CNA classes Thank you good bye
 Forgot my password and I can't log into my email
 I studied with your school before an had to discontinue my studies. Do you all provide laptops an do I have to pursue an associate before a bachelor??
 jHELLOROBIN.IAM TAMMYIM JUST HAVING TROUBLE ENROLLING......ILL TALK WITH MRS.KATHY TOMMORROW.THANK YOU FOR BEING A FRIEND
 Online MBA Rudolph Benirschke rbenirschke74@gmail.com 9202262814 Ok I'm. Not able to talk on the phone right now I am able to message right now its loud by me sorry 9:00 am You could give me a call in one hour if that is ok with you? How long does it take for a phone call? Ok I will speak. With you on monday thank you You to
 please STOP FOR YOU TO STOP CALLING MY NUMER 937-643-1553. IT IS REDICULOUS TO GET 6/7 CALLS A DAY FROM YOU PEOPLE PLEASE STOP CALLING MY NUMBER
 I  was a student at this school but once on line and once at campus that has been closed down I wanted to know how would I go about collecting my official transcripts and how would or could I prove to my employer I attended this school I can not remember any of my log in information Or my student ID information this is what makes things complicated jehveairr@aol.com Or jehveairr@gmail.com Gmail account has been closed Ok thanks
 hi....Im looking to find my graduate date how do I go about that? Thank you no one at this time you as well
 hi online cynthia kelley blackwomen19621949@gmail.com 6203130916 i used to go here before. i had a different email then but my birthday is 1/21/62 and i was studying business afternoon ok thank you i am not for sure right now but i will ask around here.
 My password is not working Jonathan Sarracino. nativeman38@gmail.com 505-658-5634
 BS in Criminal Justice is EngL 106 & 107 required I have a GED No Donald Garner 281 837 6371 donaldgarner344@yahoo.com Dont call I'm in the library at this time just email me the information please. Houston is it 100 % on line Online Tomorrow at 10 00 Am Thank you pleasure speaking to you. Thank you Good bye
 Hello I am a current student online. I am unable to login. I am getting na error message. This happened to me last week when I went to login to my live chat session thank you sure. Monica McNaughton(Fulsom) fulsommm@gmail.com 414-366-3565 Okay. Let me try this. I don't think it is the password. I think it is the webpage. ok. Let me try it now sure. can you give me tghe number. the website is the issue. Thanks for your help. I will call them now.
 when will i get my financial aid money from school yes just started this year just wanted to check the statues of it ok thank you so much and you have a wonderful day. i don't know anybody right now i will be looking out to see if some of my coworkers interested in going back to school
 I'm trying to login but it won't let me in yes I've been using my phone yes
 Hi No I used to attend your school and I am wanting to know what classes I took when I was there cause I'm thinking of possibly going back but I am very curious of what I took while I was there yes yolanda pabon 2545485879 newyorkluvstexas@aol.com no I do not want to speak with anyone over the phone No I am not at the stage yet yes that was all I needed unless I can go on to the website and see it for myself Can I go onto the website and see it for myself ok ty
 What is the Ferderal School Code for the Online campus when doing the Fafsa no. I am trying to get my FAFSA complete to be able to start back up online. i was not able to complete my other classes but would like to change degrees with the July 4th class Jessicca Wiemken jswiemken12@gmail.com i prefer to email online 850-896-1435 it would be better to call me after 1PM Jessicca Wiemken that has been my name each time maybe a different email pinkdragon932yahoo.com pinkdragon93@yahoo.com its ok it is a common spelling error that everyone makes ok thank you
 Thanks I have enrolled earlier today. I start on July 4 I am good. Thanks! Thanks
 Hi I sent my transcripts for an evaluation a few weeks ago and I would like to know the status Diana Radford/202-431-8588/deor28@gmail.com Thank you
 Hi my name is Kayla and I got a call about my application Kayla zehner and my phone number is 513-439-4822 and my email is kaylathegreat26@gmail.com Can we do it thru  chat cause i am at work right now til 8 8:30 No that should do it
 Do you offer a Mathematics grade 5-9 teaching degree? I would probably need to talk to an admission advisor. I am to the point I only need to do my student teaching to finish but have run into some issues with my university. Thinking about transfering. Paul Drury. 270-543-6178. tommy.drury20@yahoo.com Okay. Thanks.
 Hello yes i had previous enrolled before but had to pay a FASA balance so that I can start and I will like to pick up where i left off at Caneshia Lewis  Nalamom1118@gmail.com 561-293-9128 ok No problem Im actually working right now from home right now I'm going on lunch at 2:45 ok thanks
 online
 Hey how do I get started Do you get a refund check back I want to go in August Do u get a refund check back each term?? How does it go clara Yana reed     yana Yana mote.       Yanamote813@gmail.com.    3137337497 Are u there Clara Call my house phone 3137594373.   Cell dead Ok
 Hi the total cost for a mba in healthcare management would be around 30000 correct I am not.  I am inquiring around into the most conevenient afforable accredited MBA in healthcare management I am a veteran and a Doctor of Pharmacy graduate as well Not really to answer your question Paul Viet Huy Pham email: medicaldestiny@yahoo.com cell # 206-913-3214
 i forgot my password i am student already lesleybrown5507@gmail.com
 Houston Business Manangement GED IN HOUSTON NOT YET
 good morning i am trying to become a AIU students Clarissa goggins 124 landing way griffin ga 30223  14703327770 goggins03@gmail.com yes i use to live there yes no one right now ok
 Hello Paul I forgot my password Miracle Williams miracle.jayee@gmail.com 832-944-2923 No the bachelors program
 Yes I was wondering how long it would take to complete the masters for accounting. Good morning also I’m good. High school No none. So I would need to do associates then bachelors then masters?
 I DON'T KNOW THE LOCATION ATLANTA I LIVE IN NORTH CAROLINA YES PHSYOLOGY CRIMINAL JUSTICE TAMMY DORELL EDMUNDSON 919-346-9366 edmundson@gmail.com  Robin it seems I already have an account. Can you tell me what i need to know and tell me do i need or have to fill another fasfa out. I MENT THE EMAIL IS edmundson71@gmail.com NO THIS IS CHRIS'S WIFE I WAKE UP AT 6:00 IN THE MORNING. O.K. BYEBYE ROBIN
 Just making sure I got my Financial aid documents was signed correctly Online Rebecca hicks willloves1@Gmail.com 828-406-9571 Yes
 This is Ashley Yes i am Ok thanks Can this info be emailed to me
 Hello Veronica.  My name is Sheronda and I'm assisting my daughter with selecting a school. We've recently transferred from IL to Marietta GA. She's 17.  She will be 18 in August. The program she Sorry. The program she's most interested in is your Fashion Marketing Degree. Yes she has. Atlanta Sure.  Sheronda Farrow (847)322-1191 sherondafarrow@yahoo.com Eryiona Love eryionalove@gmail.com
 i cant log into my classes thank you tiffany white hildrethtiffany3@hotmail.com 5073821980 its giving me a error page
 I'm interested in completing school.... currently was attending SFASU studying special education k-12. DO you have anything in this line. Yes but I need to get my Bachelors first what are some options so I can get the Master's Yes or just education k-12 but most of my previous hrs. are in special education k-12 through SFASU  I only have 15 hrs to complete my degree What programs are offered in
 Hi Kim
 hello is this program available to international students? I live in Panama Latina America. how can i get further information businees business abroad I live in Panama i graudated from School International School of Panama English taught I never went to college My school credits are in English yes I completed a toefl but in 2010 yes in Panama. ok thanks you. thank you. My Full Name is Yaafar Yaafar Saher sorry Yaafar Yaafar Daher Email: jaa_far01@hotmail.com Panama (507) 66780288 no its only me thank you. same to you
 Hi there. I am actually a former student looking for info Here is what my current school is looking for From American Intercontinental UniversityENG  105 ENGLISH COMP taken Spring 2006 Please send me an email with the descriptions from the catalogs that were in effect when you took the classes and also include the web address(es) where the descriptions can be found. i need the catalog from 2006 No they need stop! are you there/ hello? i need to know how to access the 2006 catalog thank you
 I would like to do the online program that will be able to work with me working full time as a social worker dealing with case management That sounds great then Dwayne Wilson 2566588915 wilson1914d@gmail.com Okay Ok
 Is this Le Cordon Bleu? The reason why I am asking is because for what I know the school is closed I have Le Cordon Bleu associate degree which means I can’t be accept
 Hi Patrick I need to know where I can find the system requirements for a new computer if I'm taking online classes. Perfect I'm just starting. Thanks for your help. Oh yes many times! Tomorrow. As soon as I find someone I'll be the first one to let them know.
 Atlanta Accounting I am a former AIU student but was having a hard keeping up with the online classes but I recently moved to GA and wish to pursue my degree if possible. If possible I had a really hard time with the Accounting I class online in previous attempts so I feel on campus at least for this class would be more beneficial If not at AIU I was considering taking the class at A local community college and transferring the credit Tamara Cameron tamara9706@gmail.com and my number is 919-499-3154 Okay No not at the moment Probably around 10am Okay thanks
 How do I participate in the online orientation? no I'm currently in the application center Anthony Butler anthonybutler06@gmil.com 4702322104 anthonybutler06@gmail.com ok
 Hello I was wanting to know if an admission advisor can contact me at 2544232811 Am I able to speak to them now? I realized now would be better then during work
 hi Hello Arica I am Vasiti from Fjiji Fiji I am interested in the online course in Ed Tech and Instructional Design Vasiti Delana ct.delana@yahoo.com I live in Suva Fiji Islands phone contact is: 6793232723
 Is it possible to start classes before you receive financial aid? Associate degree High school is my highest level completed. Myron Hills myronahills@gmail.com I have already started the application process. I am currently living and working overseas
 Atla Georgia Kim are you there? Masters in Huma  Resources Cordis Onyechi 770 572 1422  cordis.onyechi.yahoo.com
 Atlanta Can student live on campus? Not interested unless student can live there Thanks Thanks
 “Agreement to submit to AIU’s Grievance Procedure: The Student agrees to submit any claim dispute or controversy that the Student may have arising out of or relating to his or her recruitment enrollment attendance education financial aid assistance or career services assistance by AIU to AIU’s Grievance Procedure set forth in the AIU catalog. The parties agree to participate in good faith in AIU’s Grievance Procedure. Compliance with AIU’s Grievance Procedure is mandatory and is a condition of precedent to the Student commencing arbitration or otherwise pursuing his or her claim.” – Excerpt from a from an enrollment agreement used by a for-profit school in the United States. What does this mean? “Agreement to submit to AIU’s Grievance Procedure: The Student agrees to submit any claim dispute or controversy that the Student may have arising out of or relating to his or her recruitment enrollment attendance education financial aid assistance or career services assistance by AIU to AIU’s Grievance Procedure set forth in the AIU catalog. The parties agree to participate in good faith in AIU’s Grievance Procedure. Compliance with AIU’s Grievance Procedure is mandatory and is a condition of precedent to the Student commencing arbitration or otherwise pursuing his or her claim.” – Excerpt from a from an enrollment agreement used by a for-profit school in the United States. Why do for-profit schools require these kind of agreements? I found this on a website about ways that for-profit schools scam people. I wonder why you would require students to submit to arbitration instead of being able to take your cause to state courts. I already have one worthless degree from AIU. All I got from this school is debt.  After I graduated I found that AIU has a very poor reputation and I cannot comprehend why AIU is eligible to receive student loan proceeds from the Dept. of Education. thanks for your help. I was hoping to get some answers but no one appears to know anything there.
 Apply for AIU advantage grant gypsie Swisher rosefrost683@gmail.com 805 n pierce Ave 7408707828
 Hi I want to fill the form but I don't know what to put on the Zip code AIU online What is the ZIP code? Oh okay. And about the Phone Number. It says "specify" when I put my south a african phone number. What should I do? Do I have to put my mobile number on "PHONE NUMBER"? Phone number ?? Is it the number that I have to fill?
 About business
 Greetings Kim I was curious about the graduate programs the institution offered I am seeking a Masters in School Counseling I see much of your offerings are in Criminal Justice or Business Admin Thank you for your time have a great evening
 hello ask cost of MBA project management online study bachelor degree in mechanical power engineering 2006 Saudi Arabia current resident i am egyptian ok thanks for support
 Hi my name is Daniel miller I just spoke with Diana retana and she was leaning me more towards business management. But I am wanting to do the le cordon bleu program Looking for online Yes I believe so
 My I have any corporation name for my english lcass B.A in nursing Credential Graduate Foreign Nurse required Toefel or Ielts score I need Toefl or Ielts Class  for Academic level Ok!
 Do you have class for human  behavor Criminal criminal justice Ged hugo oklahoma Is it free
 Flordia Houston Criminal justice I was enrolled in classes bout 2 yrs ago and I wanna return I am not sure but I though Houston Antoinette Jackson 13 Cherry street MaComb MS that was the address I was at McComb I sent u my name and addresa Hello I have sent u my name Antoinette Jackson 13 Cherry St McComb MS Don't REMEMBER phone number
 hi can you tell me what the email is for your admissions department
 I need help Name Wilburn Daniels  email  danielswilburn@gmail.com  number 5012472677 It's not working right it's no where I can go get help
 Hello my daughter wants to know is housing included in the tuition fee. Dunwoody
 Hello. I am trying to see where is the remainder of my stipend Ok
 im looking just to have information mailed to my house how do i apply for that?
 Im actually inquiring online classes about online classes accounting but I'm not currently interested in a bachelors degree just yet 1yr of college and no Yes Yahna Bradley 216 7034299 yahnabradley3@gmail.com and I'm looking to enroll for the fall semester no n no anytime thank you
 I am currently enrolled and I wanted to find out when will I recieve my Bank packet in the mail and also what day are funds released
 I should be available at 1:00pm I was going to do online Healthcare Lara Jones-7314322637-larajones68@gmail.com
 do you have a start in december ok thank you
 hey i have a few question i would like to ask you if you don't mind me asking you? how are you? i'm fine thanks for asking\ i'm looking for a bachelor degree for admistration high school Marie Barthelemy 267-275-1651 Mairebarthelemy97@gmail.com i want to know mire ok
 hi good day I have an appointment with mr. garraway it was supposed to be at 1: p.m had some issues signing in he also said he tried calling me but I Wanted to reschedule because i have some other engagements soon i got through with signing in got it sorted tomorrow please and 14734058051 the best time would be at 3:30 p.m thanks so much kim thank you and you as well
 ungraduate wa all i have to do
 AIU online Bessie Robledo robledo.bessie99@gmail.com 9856476901 I have my high school diploma and no sir Criminal justice I'm interested in corrections and case management Okay Um is tomorrow okay? Or can you email more information to me? I had spoke with someone earlier and they needed me to have internet access and now's not a good time because I'm not home Okay No sir Okay
 Hey how do I do this I have no idea what to do Arts No
 Good afternoon I want know do I need my act score this school
 where can I find a school calendar that lets me know whenclasses start and end. atlanta some college do u know where a schedule is located? yes I would prefer to just look myself first . how can I get to the school catalog
 hello i need some help logging in to my classroom portal it is not taking my id or password what should I do?
 my name Is Patricia Payno and I Was trying to fill out for financial aid so I don't want to go forward with anything unless I know that I was approved for the financial aid first. can you help me with that.
 Liberia Houston
 Hello I am a former student. I received a Bachelors in 2007 . I am trying to get a list of all of the classes I took So an Alumni log in ? Not sure yet I just needed the class info for now Thanks / Ricardo Garcia  / rgcia32@hotmail.com Thanks Thank You I just received it This is asking to start an application / I just want my old class info .. Is that in here ? Thanks The system did not recognize the username or e-mail address that you entered. If you made a typing error please try again Sigh. I guess I have to call for it Thank You though Thank You
 Hey How are you My  English is not good but I join the class Businesses So how can I tray
 I dont know if this chat can help me but i need a unoffical transcript and check on the offical no
 Hi Arica Online I was wondering do you guys have to have an official transcript to transfer credits bachelors business gen studies and nursing many sciences I am currently at work is there any way you can tel me at this time Thanks for your timwee
 Good morning I’m interested in a online degree
 Hi how many classes is considered full time
 Hello Are you affiliated with briarcliffe college or accepting credits from them?
 Are you a Accredited university
 Hello How can I find out how many credits i have and paperwork showing how many credits i earned Nicole Smith allaboutkids4smith@gmail.com i do not have a phone Yes Ok No Ok If I do not get a resolution to this matter asap I will not counting on paying my $14000 debt I'm an tired of going in circles with this school and paying for nothing as if I never went to school please pass that information on
 I think Ive applied previously but cant remember username or password Raymond A Manville manviller@yahoo.com 4693237425 no
 My email won't work
 Hey i am trying to start classes July 4th and my application is already complete ok Kendra Wineglass' wineglassk@yahoo.con 7065934100 .com* ok
 i am unable to log into virtual campus that website wont let em log in with my username and pass tells me incorrect user name and password but works on the application center
 Houston and online I would like to see what the tuition is Criminal Justice with Forensic probably online but I am in Houston so I wanted to see what the cost is for both but I didnt want to fill out the thing and have people calling me right now no military I just said I didn't want anyone to call me so can I just ask the tuition rates?
 I have applied and completed my Fafsa about 2 months ago. I received a completed application packet as well. I guess I'm just wondering was I accepted? If not yet then why? Francina Ponder 404840392e Francinaponder@yahoo.com 4048404923 Lol... sorry it's 4048403923
 I have internet but I would have to get a cumputer Nursing my goal is to become a Nurse Practisener Ok well thank you for your time
 Ohio
 Hey so I'm having trouble with the resign thingy on the last page what should I do Yes Ok thank you
 hi
 Pablo Cardone hi I have an app in yes I am working with one now what grants are out there?
 hello I am currently looking at the AA in Business Administration and wanted to know if some of my CLEP's exams would be able to transfer? absalom smith 7027873067 absalom.smith@yahoo.com ok
 sorry i just accidentely click the chat button i already chatted kiresten study agent from your university u too
 U welcome
 ok ok atlanta master degree md living in atlanta daidriana Whittington Daiwhittington@gmail.com 443 9433485 ok no today at 650 well then no i.m in Houston tx right now any people available there well Im living in Houston now my husband need to do some work here yes no today at 650 ok that will work now put me their please thank you thank u for your help
 I am trying to log into my email and it keeps giving me an error Yes Julie Nichols 8649348989 I thought the email is Julie.Nichols29@aiuonline.edu
 Can you give me the link to PC requirements for online thank you have a great day .
 Good morning Paul I am a spouse of a military veteran and I would like to know if there is anything offered in my filed. I have an associates degree and an LPN license including  a phlebotomy certificate. What is offered for someone like me. Not to mention I recertify every year in taxes working seasonally for H&R Block I would love to pursue my education and obtain a degree as an RN with a bachelors. I'm not so sure. Will any of these two degrees get me closer to an RN degree? Yes thank you that would be great. Miriam Pierce miriampierce@hotmail.com 619-764-0561 ok No one at the moment. I still have kids in elementary and high school ok
 Hello I am doin good.wbu? Yes I want to know about your's MBA program in finance Not yet..I called them but I think they were not receiving call My name-Tanvi Bhanushali email-tanvi.bhanushali8@gmail.com Phone number-7139698283
 good morning ..... I was trying to see when was your next class start date beside july04 online classes for hospitality management.... I have taken some classes at Le cordon Bleu but did not finish.. Brandon M Richard my email is brandonrichard20@gmail.com # 219-276-6295 ok
 Hello there! I'm a former student I was wondering how can I get a course description for a class I took there Thank you
 I went to your school online and have no degree or paperwork to show for it how do I get something to show for jobs
 i started my application but i needed a couple documents to sign ill try to get ahold of one luis reyes  phone number is 480 535 4309  my email is luisvreyes9574@gmail.com i have an appointment with her on monday already thanks
 I'm a current student and I'm having trouble logging into my class. Can you help? Matthew Ferreoo Matthew Ferreol 7576359755 mattferreol@gmail.com I can log on my tablet but not my laptop thanks
 Hello I was trying to do an application It keep saying I have an account already and I’m not aware of that No Donterika Oliver 8507282869 Bon39Terikaoliver@yahoo.com
 Hi I am looking to speak with someone from the cashier's office or whomever handles pymts and refunds yes thank you
 How do I take online classes for free i want to do online classes didn't think so... people that want to better themselves cant because they are broke.. have a nice day! bye
 Hi I’m super interested in going for my masters online for educational technology and design. A coworker of mine mentioned she did it and LOVED it. I saw under the accreditation’s it has something about only being 3 years? Also that it is ending on 12/31/18. Does that mean you need to apply by then or be done with the program by then? I work for the DOE in NY and am looking for a completely online masters program that is completely accredited! Okay great! My emails is hgessner@schools.nyc.gov and my cell number is 5163147848 Heather Gessner
 hi I am a current graduate from Aiu and would like to take some of the elective classes you offer. Do I have to take a full degree program or can I choose electives thank you that would be helpful Alicia stiltner lmstiltner@comcast.net / 717-414-1949 email is best I am not is a good cell service area i have my associates in business and would like to take the human resource classes. I also have my bachelor degree in Healthcare I am just not ready to commit to a masters program thank you
 Hello my name is Julia and I would like to take a course as a non-degree student. How would I do that? Okay would you like my email or number so that the counselor will know who to call. my name is Julia Antwi juliaantwi9@gmail.com 952-846-9195 I spoke with someone on here last week and I was told that a counselor would call me on Monday but nobody called me. I am currently enrolled at another college but the highest level of education is high school. Okay thank you. When will the counselor contact me? Okay thank you once again
 i have a few questions do i have to have any type of shool education before i start this program ? okay thank you
 Hi Paul. I am not finding a staff directory. I was contacted by a client of my Tribal Scholarship program regarding her disenrollment even though we paid her tuition. Perfect! Thank you so much. This student is distraught about losing her enrollment and also having to repay any funding. This seems to be an error that is no fault of hers.
 I didnt apply to your college. Cancel any information of mine you have For college money or there will be a problem I found this colleges name on my fasfa It shouldnt be there Your commiting fraud Im enrolled in South University Game over Your the only case.
 Hello I would like to know if it is possible to apply under master reserve I have the master 1 in computer sciences  network and distributed services at University of Dschang-Cameroon i'm a Cameroonian ok so there is no possibility to support school fees of non american?
 I am trying to get transcripts. It is asking for a fee. Is that normal? page not found thats all thanks you too. thanks.
 The one theyref The one I'm qualified for Yes Which ones best Alli can get is texts no minutes sorry atomicpurplecatt87@gmail.com 8503031969 Thank you God  bless you
 ATLANTA HUAMAN RESOURCE DIPLOMA IN AGRICULTURE & HR YES
 Hi Paul my name is Melanie Jones I was a student at AIU and I was wondering where do I go and see what the date was when I graduated ? I did my classes all on line I am sorry but I do not know anyone at this time. DO you know who I can speak with to get my email address that I used for this school Ok thank you. Have a great evening.
 Hi I have a question about a tuition hold from 2005.  I requested a transcript in January and received it.  I requested another transcript in March and was told I have a tuition hold and that my transcript cannot be released.  I  am requesting assistance as to how I may receive this transcript since I received one in January.  I would also like to know what the charges are for as well. I apologize may name is Talisa Miller Williams. Thank you!  Yes I am trying to enroll now. No I actually completed my MBA through AIU. Thank you for all your help!
 I'm looking for culinary arts
 online i'm already a student just had a quick question resubmitting homework from a class that i failed do i have to do that assignment over or can i re-submit my work yes ok darius anderson darius.anderson10@yahoo.com 10203 courtney palms blvd tampa fl 33619 618-558-0442
 Hii I am trying to click in I agree but it did let me click Now I got it thank you Yes
 do You have an interior design program do you have an interior design program No thank you. Have a great weekend
 i m not able to understand to bba i am not getting understand about bba no 12th paas out cbse board i have pass 12th class right now this year passed ok ... whta is process of this thnk u
 Hi paul what is the federal school code for AIU
 Hi my name is Kassy and I am looking at schools for forensic science. Also looking at financial aid because the school I was going to go to said I had to wait until I was 25 because my mom won't give me her information for financial aid because I would have to transfer. Is there a way to do financial aid without putting my moms information in it. thank you Kassy Daniels katyperry19841996@icloud.com 9203669343
 online well I'm already enrolled working on my MSIT but I'm thinking about switching my program is that possible? Itavis Tatum 678-856-0921 itavis23@gmail.com ok thanks you too thanks again
 I am trying to esign and my ss# is red and will not let me go further??? can you help. online
 Good afternoon I am looking for info on realtor license Sorry then I have the wrong school
 Online Business administration specialized in enturper Associated degree and I'm a returning student for this program No I have not Tampiko Knight tampiko36@gmail.com 262-496-8775 9-12 Ok
 Online classes Criminal justice High school diploma Inesha Presley 8036649235 IneshaPresley5@gmail.com Ok
 The one that is only online. I am already going I just don't know what to do next. I am interested in bussniss my I Don't is what is yours? I have mine do you have yours? My Gmail is dennisskeith55@gmail.com My ID is 26749803 Yes I'm pretty sure I have . I have already made me a business. Ok Thank you very much.
 hi I'm a prior student looking for access to my transcripts
 Hello Kirsten! I previously attended AIU with financial aid but I was wondering if I could finish up my degree as a private paying student. Latasha S. Hunter 9196668646 latasha.hunter@bcbsnc.com around 12:30 eastern  time elijahiotaylor@gmail.com
 Im trying to log in I can't Nachelle Anderson Nachelle64@gmail.com 7173077813 Ok thanks Yes Ok thanks
 Hello.. I am a past student of AIU. How do I go about receiving a copy of my transcript? Thank you No ma'am Yes but not at AIU.
 I need help with my username and password Wendy Kirkland wkirkland940@gmail.com 2513636632 2:00pm No I don't no body Ok
 online I would prefer Business But I am open to suggestions Janett Clark  3304078041  sparky49_13@yahoo.com Thank you
 Hello Paul Thank you! God Bless You!
 Online business management Associates degree I was wondering about transferring credits and how I know what will transfer Rachel mirabile. 6309457102 Email is rachelmirabile@att.net Can they email me? And Can I send the transcripts in email?
 how do i get credit for being present for current student orientation how do i get my name in chat online calls in im listening and watching it although cannot participatye thanks veronica
 Lidl - Offers & Leaflets - Apps on Google Play
 I signed up and don't remember my username and password and I put the wrong email how do I make a new account Praysheanna Perry.   Perrypraysheanna@gmail.com.  2294992298 Business High school diploma and no only the us Ok thanks Anytime Ok thanks Ok you're welcome U to Bye
 Hello do you have  online education? DPA DBA Doctor of Buisness Administration thanks what about master ? Executive MBA YesMarketing what about Scholarship? Iam outside U.S Master Degree I havenot check the evaluation yet. but iam outside U.S I am Egyptian
 I am interested in a social work career if possible. ok Jennifer Mosley 954 Cedar St Deerfield IL 60015 602-319-3749 jennifermosley@mindspring.com What is the earliest? 9 would be better. If possible Okay thank you Some college I am contacting  you through my employer Six Flags Great america. Is that a problem? And yes yes Okay thank you. I can only do online at this time Okay thanks. I will get started now. yes What degree do I select for enrolling in? Okay thanks :)
 Good afternoon Kristen I have an issue my Bachelors degree is being held  due to financial issues and It is impeding me from getting a promotion and raise as they are asking to see my degree.  This is really causing a greater financial hardship as I have an opportunity to be promoted and become able to pay my debt. please advise ok thank you have a great day
 Hello am just inquiring to know if AIU offers or can get me a sponsor if i want to persue a bachelors degree in music. But does the university offer scholarships and sponsorships??
 Hello!  I am a graduate of AIU and I am currently completing a job application that is asking specifically the amount of credits I received for both my masters and bachelor degrees obtained from AIU.  Can you help me with this information? I attending online courses
 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️ Not sure what your asking I thought this was AIU ?. Was trying to see is it and ok school for Criminal Justice ?. ???? Are you there ? Brittany Jackson . (2294723350) SemajKimarriKashmir@icloud.com Online When does classes start ? Classes* Ok great do I have about 2weeks to get signed up ?. What all would be needed to sign up for online classes ? 12:30pm So I can’t sign up without An advisor ? Thanks
 dwilliams
 What is the difference between AACSB and ACBSP accredition ? whether both are having equal validity ? ok thank you
 I have EdAssit with my job can you help me with that? Business Administration New York Life
 Hello I requested a transcript appx 3 weeks ago via the parchment site and I was told more info was needed. I provided the information and still have not received anything. What is my next step in getting this transcript?
 am just now finding i'hv done faculty of science in medical but i dont find my interest in medical so ijust change my subject i'm interested in art and craft . and am very exited to see the text so i just forget so hello kirsten am shahzaib from pakistan ok am gonna check it out hey kirsten if you dont mind can i ask u something firstly i can tell u that am a student and i'hv done fsc medical which is called in our country 11 and 12 grade study and in yours hometown this called high school     am i right? kirsten as i told u that am not satisfy to my subject because maybe i think am not passed my degree with d grade or maybe somethink else i dont know bcz since childhood i like arts but not arts only i like science  as well but when i'hv done fsc medical my parrents told me to go to male nursing which i dont like so after my degree completed i just puzzled i just wanted to do bsc honers in biology but due to confussion and due to my low marks i just stucked and i dont know which study  area should i go to and for just thinking and thinking this i waste 2 years bcz theres no one in my home am elder in my house and my parrents not well educated so thats why i choose arts  and crafts bcz i embrases to my low grade u think am not study well this is not the reason the reason behind my low grades  is to not take any tution bcz we are not very rich and we cant afforded that so thats why i ask u to counseling me if u dont mind actully am very frank and sensitive i can trust others but they can always cheated me but u are study agent thats why i tell u all of this. which credit evaluation service u are taking about actully english is not my first language so i just a bit problem to understand are these marks division of toefl whichu send me and if give test through internet on computer so i can score 61 or higher than 61 ya sure hey kristen i dont have phone yet but u dont worry i send my number defenitely and email id as well maybe i'll buy new cell next month so as soon as i buy one than u call me and heres my name is SHAHZAIB GILL FROM PAKISTAN . my email is GILLAXLEBLAZE322GMAIL.COM and my country code is +92 and am from lahore and lahore code is 042 and this is my cell sim card number 03237503811  which is now off  but soon is on your welcome and one think more if i  contact to so where can i contect u ok thankyou so much you too
 Hi Paul I am a graduate of AIU and I recently moved to San Tan Valley Arizona and I am looking for help in finding a job. I received my MBA 2013. I had to relocate due to my mothers illness. Could a career counselor help me find a job. No one at this time as I am new to the area. Thank you for the help!
 Hio my name is Rebecca Morris and I spoke with you guys about your classes n programs... with in that time  ive had a lot of hardship that I was not expecting can you bring my file up n see what I need to do still to make sure that im in rolled in july classes i sent in my fsfa but that way im checking morris    bekacountrysexy85@gmail.com 3046187471 no not today
 Hi this is Kasondra Hudson and what number do i need to call to get off probation and get back on my school work kassygallegos12@gmail.com Anytime i need to be back in to school Yes that is fine
 I understand the is an open house today until 1 pm? Atlanta i am unable to see you response hello ok ok and would a counselor have schedule an appoint then too? at 2 pm? who is conducting tours he spoke wit Mr Vaugn and scheduled it for 2pm today?? can you contact Mr Vaughn to verify 404-965-6433 no way to talk to ad visor at the tour?? ok
 I graduated in 2012 and was wondering if I could find out my FAS ID from the college and whom would I call. thank you
 cant remember password Elaine jones/welaine122@gmail.com/4706735347
 Hi I would like to come to this school Wat do I of to do to get in
 Hello I was wondering if I may be readmitted to AIU's online courses. I was withdrawn for not supplying my financial aid docs in enough time. My name is Jalen Fowler my email address is jfowler@cps.edu and my phone number is 773-626-8641.
 online question I'm trying to continue were I left off as a IT for bachelor can I continue where I left off Edison Aromin flyff881@yahoo.com 610-470-5127 that's my cell my home phone is 610-380-4610 I did applied for accounting but I change my mind Ill just continue my studies as an IT you can have that person call me at around 11 pm excuse me 11 am Ill be awake by then Is that ok sir ok thanks miss
 Hello my name is Ixchel I cant log in  and
 I'm trying to take a AIU Accelerate test but I didn't receive a link in my email. How do I get to those? Robert Keller Robadob143@gmail.com. 832-387-7488
 Hi I'm a restaurant Boston Sorry I'm not looking for a program I'm a restaurant manager and I'm looking to see if I could find a make a job offer to a graduate student to be the excutive chef of our restaurant in Boston Thanks Arica
 Hello What types of honor societies or online fraternities or sororities are available? This is a page for success stories and military students
 Atlanta Campus I am an international student from Pakistan has completed High School wishes to apply for Bachelor of Business Program in AIU I dont want any credit transfer I want to study the bachelor program from the begining Could you please tell me whats the school evaluation? Do you mean the transcript / marks sheet or evaluation from a testing agency in US?
 Wasn't sure if
 Hi I am interested in returning back to AIU online.  I graduated last year with my MBA and now I want a degree in Education with emphasis on adult learning since I have a background in corporate training  What do I need to do? Thanks Kiwanius Perry kiwanius@gmailcom 7067637328 510 Lonesome Pine Rd Phenix City AL 36869 Okay. Evening time is best. Is it possible for me to come back an earn another graduate level degree ? ok thanks Thank you
 how to access intellipath aiu online where i s virtual campus thank you kim
 Speak with you about masters program Can I speak with someone regarding masters program Michael  Pennell  erindream2000@yahoo.con. 678-986-5000 Online if available Thank you
 Hi Arica How do we find out what the requirements are for the MBA in Project Management. For example is the GRE pre-requisite courses etc...? Erice Christian
 Hello Kirsten hope you are doing well at AIU.i wanted to know whether you have an administor by the names of Aligwo Nancy.. I am registering with AIU and Nancy Aligwo is the one in charge of my application i just wanted to confirm for of recent someone contacted me and claimed to be working with some big international health organisation only to realise that hr was a robber so i am trying to be careful now.
 Online HR I have earned a bachelor degree in accrs online with aiu Debbie Henry d_ohenry72@hotmail.com Plz send info hia email for now
 10am Thank you
 THIS IS GETTING VERY OLD AND QUITE FRUSTRATING. CAN I PLEASE HAVE MY LOGIN INFO STRAIGHTENED NOUT. IF I CONTINUE TO HAVE THIS DIFFICULTY I WILL SIMPLY SEEK ANOTHER ONLINE PROGRAM dAVID SINNETT 6209608427 DIAMONDDAVE1955@HOTMAIL.COLM
 I have a job opening in the Alpharetta area. Is there a career services portal I can post this to? ok ty
 Online Bachelor of criminal justice My deceased husband retired after 22 years Thank you Mary Baca 5015470210 email is marybaca430@gmail.com I've already done most of the application and the FAFSA is completed. I don't remember my username and password and I think I'm supposed to have an student id
 Online Associates in business administration Deanna Lawrence Deannalawrence14@gmail.com 3608308105 Ok
 Can you pull up my account by my ID number 9379614
 I'm 16 Currently going into my senior year is there a chance i can dual enroll in this program?
 looking for air school code I attend the online school
 Sorry I missed my appointment been in bed sick I've done enrolled need to talk to my advisor
 neither i attended aiu several years ago but did not complete my degree how do i go about getting my transcript thank you very much ok thank you
 Online Elizabeth Brewer  kmad727@gmail.com 4858 Tillman St. Detroit MI $8208 and (313)551-1415
 Hi this is Dennis Staten . I am going to have to withdraw today because I cannot chasee up when I was put in it two weeks late and somepepoplethink that it was ok. No and don't want to. Ok I will today sometime
 Do U have cutlinary online Ok thanks
 Online.I am looking to renroll. I owe a balance still but can I set a payment arrangement up and still attend Taquaysha Lagrone taquaysha.lagrone@gmail.com 4805472122 Okay any time is good ?
 It won't let me E- signature. Jessica Dillon jessicasunshine26@gmail.com (336) 268-7473 Ok Yes I did No Ok
 Im a current student and would like to find out about financial aid options for current students in need of financial services currently.
 i wanted to ask what is the main difference between business administration and business managment and which one would be best suited for studying law my email is rkaur18@eq.edu.au but i live in australia so i can not have a face to face chat but can still be emailed i am still in grade 10
 I was trying to retry and enroll back in the next claases Sandrica Clark  843371-2280 and clarksandrica@outlook.com the best time is around 4:30 p.m. est okay thanks look forward  to hearing from someone
 HI Paul just wondering how to find a schedule of dates...I see a course is starting July 4 how does the "semester" progress from there?
 Hi Jacque are your classes on campus as well? Atlanta Atlanta I’m interested in Human Resources Business administration Awesome! jessicagaitor@icloud.com Jessica Gaitor 7063614864 Ginevra Hardin She would be interested in the fashion
 hello i'm trying to get a contact number for Brandy Rueber SAP evaluator the number I have isn't working that phone number doesn't work
 how to i get a copy of my unoffical transcript well it for a job they want the unofficial one first and if i get the job i will order those and have it sent to the place for employment
 hello  is there any way possible to mail or print application off site. I can best fill out the paper work off line can I do this manuel instead of computer i dont know just a online class so there is no other way Nothank you I appericate your time have a great evening
 Hey I contacted my advisor about me needing to make a change to the program i enrolled into. hoping to be able to change from the business bach program to the business associates program due to cost. i was instructed to edit my application however there is no way to edit the program here. it just states the application is complete yes Tierra Mitchell email address: iamtm247@icloud.com 470-503-5073 ok yes she directed me to edit my application on the site. i haven't contacted her about not being able to yet i had hopes that maybe you would be able to help before i reached out to her
 hi there lookig at locations for degree programs if it shows all three atl/hou/online can you chose only online? ok thank you.. i dont see a degree within the perimeters of my work reimbursement. thank you for your time
 i would like to start classes asap aiu atlanta online business ok 378 9325 ashley rivers ashleyrivers140@yahoo.com
 I am an AIU Associate Degree Program graduate.  I need to finish my bachelors in Business/Finance. I am a Federal Employee and a Veteran spouse. I also have 2 completed courses from Defense Acquisition University and I understand AIU has a partnership with them as credit for DAU courses. Taryn Stubbs Tarynstubbs@gmail.com 540-455-0248 Anytime
 I have registered for classes.  I am now trying to apply for tuition and financial aid help.  How can I do that? Annette Wright  wrightannette@hotmail.com           404-432-5760 ok thank you.
 Online Classes Bachelor's degree and Healthcare Management
 Hello  am Khadijah Will like to further my education at your institution but am a foreigner precisely a Ghanaian how and where do I begin madam. Please am not interested in  doing  my course online Please where is the fashion design campus located?. At least that will help me choose Pls and criminal justice Ok no problem Ok Pls am still waiting Pls I asked of fashion design campus not business marketing
 Yes hello Paul my name is Stacy. I have previously attended AIU but I didn't not finish. I received an email regarding sending an appeal letter to reenter and take my classes is there anyway you can help me with that? honestly I do not remember a couple of years ago I would say 2015 or 2016 stacy rushing stacy.rushing2314@outlook.com and 407 221 8374 I will be working tomorrow so sometime after 5 so your not an advisor? ok is an advisor available at this moment that I can speak to? ok I just have to fill out a re-entry form so there is no one to help me and yes that is fine thank you you as well
 Hi Arica I am interested in taking an 4-5 week online summer class. Do you offer those? Yes American Government Chelsea Martinez crm@ou.edu 9185199088 Today at 4 Tomorrow at 9 and 4:30 Thank you! I have one more question Do you know about how much this one class would cost? So it says undergraduate part time under 13.5 credit hours tuition would be 425. Would there be any additional fees to that?
 Online Entrepreneurship Now i already have 37 college credits when i recently graduated this year for my certification in carpentry Kali Riles 3145981177 Kaliriles02@gmail.com and via email is a better way to reach my I’m always on the go No Ok we can set up an appointment We can do tomorrow at 11 Thank you I don’t know. But when i do I’ll let you know
 hello I need My transcript
 How can I get help with getting grants or something to pay for college? Special education High diploma and no
 FASFA school code for online courses FAFSA school code for online courses
 hi iam looking for a course to take i need to increase my IT Skills i am outside the US am from the pacific i have completed year 1 to year 13 yes a full degree... Is it possible for me to get a scholarship? ok id like that....you can forward it Isimeli Savutini (679) Mobile 8392664 maxgonerogo@gmail.com thank you
 Im trying to request my transcript. How do i go about it
 I’m actually a student trying to find out what my student email address is Ok ty
 hello Clara Weston im fine tks
 do you offer any degrees as a nutritionist or dietian thank you. Thank you.  I have my undergrad
 Hello I have a question about the class semesters so the nest new semester in 4 of july yes the one after July when !! after July semester we will start in sep ?? ??? we will finish in Aug then when we are going to start the new semester in sep or in Aug 4692033895 Ahmad Ismail so it is 5 weeks each quarter right afternoon creative.maker89@gmail.com 1:00 pm yes
 hi i am from india couldi do online edu? nope not yet sure and thankyou for the spontaneous response :)
 Robin how are you doing? I am looking at your online BSCJ/ law enforcment my question to you is what electives do you guys offer on the program? So you don't know what the program offers? I am okay I thank you for your time. I already had that information. What I am asking for is the general electives  offer
 Hi are they any more grants I can apply for Yed S
 hey i want to find out more about your introduction to culinary arts Grand Diplôme
 Online Criminal justice
 online only
 online bacc I have completed one year of college at midlands technical college. No military experience Mishon Hampton80382828771 mishonhampton0421@gmail.com  I wanted to ask a question. If i wanted to double major will i be able to do that?
 Hi liane how much is tuition for the gerentology program do i have to give you my contact info no thansk. this is too complicated.
 Online I previously attended and need to get in touch with financial services Student accounts Thank you
 I need fill out a fsaid for online school Associates degree
 I was just looking the site over thank you though
 Hello I really want to persue a diploma in civil engineer or project management if its possible I want to study diploma in project management will it be possible? Completed Higher School Certificate (Grade 12) Not Yet I have studied the following courses during my grade 12
 online education some college no yes
 I would like to know if I could have access to the contact information of the international admission officer. Thank you so much! Have a wonderful day!
 hello. online criminal justice bs no specialiation. but want to be in probation and parole I may already have an  application on file. Daryl Perkins dlperkins12@yahoo.com No phone at this time okay after 3 central time please okay. thank you do i ask for anyone thank you
 Good morning one question I have I am a grad of AIU (2011) if I want to come back and get a second MBA in Healthcare what do I have to do? and will I need to take all classes or just the core? thanks
 Problems with signing in???
 Hi I’m bianca do y’all program come with a free laptop Ok thanks
 Hi Paul. Can you tell me the requirments for the M.ED program
 Hi About how much does tution run? Is student loans or financial aid available I live in Kentucky I’d definitely have to do online Ok thank you
 ONINE I AM HAVING TROUBLE LOGINING IN LOGING IN LASHAUNDRIA GEORGE LMNG4CIS@GMAIL.COM 478-246-5179 OK THANKS OK THANKS
 How do students request a stipend withdrawal Online Yes
 Hey. I used to be a student with y'all...I would like to get back enrolled.
 I apologizeI Figured It Out..Thank You So Much..O yeah I cannot get into my FASA to finish filling out my financial aide infowhat can I Do It will not accept the user Id that Brandi gave me Actually I Am But I can't get in touch with her My phone and purse was stolen I have no phone til the 3rd Heather Name Heather Nance Iammydaughterskeeper28@gmail.com phone number 256-945-2513 I apologize I just had neck surgery I got out of hospital today Thanks So Much And No Mammy husband gets off at midnight I'm getting my phone replaced in morning OK I will have it by 9am
 hi
 hello i need to get a copy of my 2015 tax return i dont know where to get them
 Hello. Is study via AIU free from charges/ no lectures available for free ? Thank you
 I completed my Bachelor's degree through AIU online.  It was a project type based program.  Are the Master Programs you offer a similar style of learning? MBA with either Project Management Management or Operations Management - I haven't completely decided yet. you don't offer an Organizational Leadership option do you? Terry Radermacher / terrylrad@sio.midco.net / 605-366-6794 I'd prefer communication via email at this point please Organizational Leadership? I'll have to take a look at that and see if it is what I am envisioning. Are the MBA programs designed for completion in 12-months? not via phone right now. sorry Let me look around on your website a little more and determine if the program you've mentioned is what I'm looking for.  I will contact someone back if I have further questions specific to the degrees. I presume the credits/bachelor's degree will transfer into the Master's program? okay - thanks. you too
 Do you have nursing Online classes I think so Do you know how much it is to take nursing classes online High school Diploma Zettie Elizabeth Wolfe Whatisthislifefour0@gmail.com 5409603917
 Hello I would like to schedule an appointment with an advisor at the Houston campus. Stephannie Sullivan 832-703-5874 stephanniec23@gmail.com anytime after 10 am CST ok cool . Thank you cool beans
 hai i have small question to clarify i'm studying business management and going to be sophomore. So after finishing this program how can i apply for the job? human resource actually but once i finish get the degree there will be doors open i believe  so how can i catch those opportunities? what normal people do once they get the degree? ok thank you for your time i appreciate i'm sorry i really don't know at the right moment. i'm sorry once again i hope you find another way and have a great night too. you're welcome
 How can I get a copy of my transcripts from your college/ Online
 Help my passwords not working right Anthony Gill brown 7348373045 gilt4life66@yahoo.com
 Hello how long is the master in healthcare management program? Is there a course overloading?
 online do you have a High School program? ok thank you
 what is the average length in weeks of each online course? Bachelor of Business Administration I have my CCAF w/ the Air Force
 Hello. I have already applied. I need to change my major. Can you help me dlperkins12@yahoo.com No I dont. ok. Thank you
 I'm am interested in registering for online classes in July.  I want to know if FAFSA will cover all of my tuition and fees? Tiffany Clark 4042139552 mstiffanyclark@gmail.com I am at work now is not a good time. Can you remove me from the call list please? yes Thank you!
 how long does it take to recieve info in the mail
 cant get my password jonathan parra 5095315576 parrajohn91@gmail.com right now
 im a student how do i get my financial aid yes she never in i need my money my name is justin glover
 Hello Im looking for a way to finish my Bachelors quickly to take advantage of future career opportunities High School but I have a few transfer credits
 HI VEronica I would like to know how much total cost would it be for 12 month MBA online? no - none of us have
 what is tuition for a bachelors degree in business ok are you kdding me I am done waiting this shouldn't take so long all i want to know is what is your tuition cost for a bachelors degree
 how can I get a free transcript
 i am trying to complete the application and on the application it ask me for my birthday and it is not letting me do dat can you help me with that so i can go to the next step Bruce and my email is teedadaon2@gmail.com and my address is 6301salamanderrunlane Charlotte North Carolina and my phone is 704-968-8901 it would be online Yes it's teedadon2@gmail.com teedadon2@gmail.com
 Summer classes Summer classes General studies
 hi I was speaking to an advisor awhile ago and wanted to know what I needed to finish the process online Brittany Conyers 803 546 0709 bree201320@gmail.com no  the guy name was Vernon Eby yes thats fine no thank you
 What kinds of jobs and salary do your students earn once they graduate with a software analysis and development degree? Online courses How many credits do you need to complete this degree? I already have an associates bachelorsand Masters How many should transfer in?
 yes i would like help in doing my 2018-2019 financial aid please Yes Rosa Nell Boddie rboddie62@gmail.com 7573386905
 helllo i'm student of business management pg program after finishing this course which filed is better for further study please help to choose a better field related this course thank you if there are opportunity in accounting and finance course? january 2019 okay sir i'm interested in finance ? is this related to business management? okay sir i got it  but i have a question that there is career opportunity  in finance more than accounting? okay no problem thank you sir
 Hello! I'm vila grady Coudl you help me come study at home Congo Non How know mor the infortions When at inscrition Sory i speks inglish moll
 good Morning my i dont have a phone avaliable and i as trying to chat with technical support because I'm locked out of my login
 Hello Robin. I am enrolled here. I tried to contact financial aid but no attempt. On my award letter where it gives me the date of disbursement is that when funding will be in my accounts 27752124 Yes is there a way you can answer my question Ok
 Im trying to fill ou the appication but im having a problem is it a way you can send me yall college appication through mail?
 Good evening I am trying to take an algebra class on July 4 And I need a syllabus of the class Do you know who the math teacher is for college algebra and precalcus Faith Akosile. 4049342969 faithakosile@yahoo.com Around 11 am Is it possible for me to contact the teacher tho Or an advisor or someone who will help me Thank you so much And the location of the school is in Atlanta Thank you You too
 How much is it Online
 Business
 good afternoon kristie i was enrolled at aiu about a year ago i wanted to know if its possible to get re- enrolled again? chante lewis laquin2437@gmail.com 6785930401 540 zachary court stone mountain ga atlanta yes thank you if they have weekend courses for on campus i can do campus but if not 100% online.
 Hi there I am interested in applying for bachelor in BA with hospitality management Peter Davit peter.davit@yahoo.com i prefer not to share my phone number yea thats my question i got some credits from university overseas and also am attending a college right now here in the states do you do evaluation of credits i already have the transcript evaluated from credential evaluation agency here in the states not yet where do i send my transcripts
 online i recently went to this school but never finished I got ill and was almost about to graduate can i reapply and continue my education and what is the process of that Business Tonnie Alexander I don't remember my old email I used its been a little over a year I have a new one now I had to redo everything once I got well again 2292054474 thats my new number also the one on my old account was different Do you think I woudl be able to go back and finish I was almost about to graduate the program I was in and I wanted to extend it to the Bachelors program instead of Associates yes still in Georgia but the address changed as well I had to move so my family could help me new address still in damascus just a new street over sure sure i have a few mins did you try yet? i was trying to adjust the volume my signal is in and out here one mome can you call again or can i call the number you called form +
 How do I obtain my transcripts from AIU? thank you No going to a different university I do not but I am always mentioning AIU for those interested
 Good Morning I attended Le Cordon Bleu  and I was told that the school was accreditted but when graduated I found out that it wasn't are you guys accredited if so How can you help me? I would like to know how to proceed with my current degree for my BS Nadia Meme 321-987-4289 queenadia19@gmail.com ok
 can I transfer my credits to another school? Not yet but have completed a lot of paperwork and now have review some complaints and the credits are one. I should have review AIU first but this is my first time and I have now been talking to some people and feeling a little unease about it. Yes You just answered most of my questions. Thank You. I think I will now pull out from this University.
 i can't log in through my laptop any more tara carter 5712532958 tarancarter@yahoo.com 5902 queenston st springfield va yes it does not load it gives me an error screen it loads to a page saying error ive been trying to get on through my laptop for days now
 Can I get a copy of the student agreement Online Application? I was a student and had to withdraw thank you
 hello I just finished my application earlier and I logged back on to complete my FASFA but i do not see the link yes I already have a FSA ID
 Hi I need help with my fsaid please
 i was looking for a Occupational health or safety bachelor degree I was looking at become an health inspector and it said i needed a bachelor with health. former student and life happened had to drop out. piosenvenon@gmail.com. was enrolled in management  before. No real direction of where in management but have one now. is there a program i can take again that will lead to health inspector? some college i said former student of AIU Autumn and i will connect misplaced my phone thank you for your time
 yes is there an telephone # I can call and speak to someone regarding the degree I will earn at AIU and my current skills. can I talk to you on the phone
 Hello Liane my name is Larry. I am a student for online at AIU. I am looking for Fax Number Financial Aid
 HELP
 Hi Rosalyn I'm great! Thanks for asking. I was wanting to get a copy of my transcripts Thank u!
 I’m not getting the email with the password Isaak Fehr8068911580isaaknfehr@gmail.com No Online
 I would like to take online classes to become a real estate agent
 Good morning i would like to know how can i get a copy of my transcript Thank you no one at this time
 Hello Online I want to look into the accounting degree Well I was wondering something about the college if you could answer something for me If I have an associates already in accounting how do I know how long it would take me? I saw where I may be able to finish the degree in 9 months from the site that I was looking at Brian Young 336-257-3539 byng259@aim.com
 I can not remember my username?
 Hi Rosalyn my name isWillie Neal and I am trying to get the AIU mobile app started today so I can finish my work
 Hi I’m an AIU graduate and I’m thinking about returning for my MBA How long is the program? Hello???
 I wanted to see how I go about getting copies of my transcripts no It has been about 6 yrs ago are you still there Ok Thank you Thank you same to you
 Good Morning I have a few questions...The location is Orlando Fl are you all a private location

 How long is each trimester online online. i have applied yes yes no thank you
 I need a federal code for your school for my FAFSA johnstown pa online Kalianna Orcutt liveintruth364@gmail.com 484-753-6951
 hello can you tell me were I can get the 2018 holiday schedule for our break weeks ok thank you
 hello how do I get a copy of my transcript. ok let me check that out yes I just did. thanks no I needed it for work
 Hi I need to know now about online bachelors degree Yeah I am from Pakistan and I have completed  my Intermediate It have  been 06 years and now I want to do graduation Can you please guide me abiut all procedures? I am interested in business administration. Danish here. Email ID is Dani72672@gmail.com and phone number is +923465009424 Danish Naseer Yeah sure All I need to know is online  bachelor program which I can avail in Pakistan. Ok I know myself yet seeking  info about AIU knline Online* It was pleasure chatting with you.
 Hello!  I am interesting in an administration certification. Can you give me information on this program Completely online Amber Collins email is amberrae21@hotmail.com 3303833229 but I am unable to talk via phone right bow well I will have to call. Only because I have 3 small children so I will call when I can break away. I have the number. Thank you for your time
 Hi Jacque could you please send me the fed grant link again Could you please provide me the fafsa link again Yes
 my name is gasangwa leonce frim kigali Rwanda i need a financial aids for studying masters in economics yes i have a bachelor's degree in economics with education from kigali institute of education i got it in 2011 Rwanda thanks
 Hey Paul My name is Laniece seamon and I was told that I have an account with you guys but don't remember attending school and I am being told that I have a 1200 sent. Can you please let me know if you have any record of me attending school with you. Debt Ok thanks for the information enjoy your evening
 Online courses Associates degree in nursing
 Sorry not sure what happen Yes for bachelors degree Are they no longer there today? Ok that is fine tomorrow around 10? Thank u
 Hello Patrick Can you tell me about tution? How much is it online I live in kentucky Honestly I am not sure at the moment Ik one of my friends went here and she is a patient advocate and I would like to do something like that Im guessing healthcare business maybe high school and taking some college classes
 Hello there  I am trying to login with my login and password but its not working My email address is khris.hill@tncourts.gov and my number is 731-288-7865 or 731-377-3318 My name is Khristian Hill
 Hi how are you Rosalyn I was just wondering does your school have drama and theatre arts Okay thank you. I am a senior in high school. Thank you.
 My Student I.D No@ is 27689525 and I am having problems logging in and my classes is AABA and unit 4 and my teacher is Ms. Erica Ellsworth and I have e-mailed her several times and to no advail No but I about to
 Online B. BSN in nursing and Healthcare Management I graduated in 1985 the high school name is Kensington High School in Buffalo New York the address was 319 Suffolk Avenue I don't know the ZIP code I also went to Buffalo Vocational Technical Center in Buffalo New York I graduated in 1980 years me 1998 with my LVN license I am in the process of finishing my application for admission can you please get my information My full name is LaTonya l a capital t o n y a Michelle Michelle Ingram i n g r a m my phone number is 443-717-5493 my email address is d a i j a m a r p r o o d d at gmail.com Anytime tomorrow after 10 a.m.
 trying to decide if i should go to school full time and graduate early or if I should work full time and take one course at a time either or atl MBA Finance
 what is the withdrew policy
 I was trying to take it online and I can talk tommaro around 6 pm
 Don't need to chat sorry!
 hallow Atlanta educatino education Diploma in secondary education yes I've completed in Tanzania Tanzania yes Am I legible to join ayubulukosi@gmail.com
 im confuse with administration and management bachelor of music yes what are your requirements for this program
 hello I need my old student ID number. I am needing it for registration at a new school. how do I get that? thank you
 I was just on the phone with someone and my phone died we were going to start the application and the fasfa Tamara Hogan tink42581@yahoo.com 9806-407-2274 806-407-2274
 miss Jacque it is not letting me put the state on the application thisis on the page where I tell you about me no
 Online I've tried applying for aiu but they keep saying I need to write a letter to fast I'm sorry I meant FASA What programs do you have
 HI
 Hello my name is Terina Richardson i have already attended your school and would love to return to finish up my bachelor degree in yhe The fall I am employed with allied universal which i just saw that they are connected to you guys fir tuition..my e-mail is trina_13r@yahoo.com My number is 3018858825
 I applied for a grant never got an answer You can tell me anything about it
 yes i was on the phone with someone and we got dicconneted due to storm
 hello.. i doubt my ability in taking this coursebecause i have hard time in math is iot possible that  i can take the course? depite that? BSA I am a senior high graduate yes.. Im from Philippines philippines
 I don't know my password
 Hi...I am an ex-AIU student....I completed my Associates in Bus. Admin. from AIU in 2005. If I want to pursue Bachelor's degree in one of the Business programs will all of my credit earned during my associates degree get applied towards my bachelors? Online degree also what is the cost per credit hour again? I forgot
 Hi my name is Thomas from just wanted to find out the courses you offer and if you accept international students? From Zambia. Okay thanks.
 trying to take classes on line with out a high school are GED
 I am.not sure which one it isi don't remember my password for this school. I need to know it to get back into my application there is a few things I need to change that Derick told me to do Darlene Percle darlenepercle10.dp@gmail.com 3364705627
 Online I’m not in US I am looking for a fast way to complete bachelors degree in Information Technology with specification in Network Administration. Not 3 or 4 years How fast is it possible High school diploma Outside US I have dual citizenship Thailand + India I’m in Thailand now But want to study Online Ok I studied in English Ok Understood Ok Thank you I will send a email if required
 hello! I am looking for a pre physical therapy degree. is that offered here?
 I am wanting to start the program Whanting to get the health wellness masters On line in Illinois
 Is this program free Looking to get my ged free
 Good morning I recently completed my MBA and I need to register for graduation how can I do that? I'm not able to log on to the website online Great thank you. I will try that. That's all I needed have a great day!
 Hello Arica I am a former student who attended AIU in 2013 but I didn't finish. The program that I was in was Bachelor of Business Administration with a Concentration in Management. I was wondering if it was any way possible for me to apply my credits to an Associates Degree? Okay no problem. LaToya Reynolds LBUTLER1979@YAHOO.COM 229 Addy Lane Stockbridge GA 30281 678-558-6891
 yes I am a former student and have 18 credits. I am going back soon I hope and would like to know how long it would take to get my associates in business admin how long the courses are and if my credits will still be applicable? at the time I was going for my bba in business admin Tekisha Carl davis77099@yahoo.com 2819072855 I just updated the information on the student portal. yes I did that was in 2003 and I do not recall either of them. i can tell you i worked at Verizon wireless at the time i was attending school and the gpa shows as 3.22 no the Houston campus not sure just yet. I will probably be returning as an online student I'm at work that is why i am doing the online chat It's okay i can just wait until i have more time thanks I actually have a business meeting with someone at the Houston location for a business to business related agenda so I will speak with her tomorrow during that meeting. thanks I will take care of this myself thanks have a good day
 Hi Im an international student where should I request more information?
 Hi I'm a former student and just received a letter stating my grades were either failing or they were never submitted for tuition assistance purposes. I'm trying to log on so I can see my old grades. I'm hoping the email you have is dbacskay@yahoo.com My name was Danielle C. Bacskay. My address I lived at while going to school was 99 north green st. Berkeley Springs WV however my phone number was changed due to going to Afghanistan and I'm no longer in the Army if the email you have is danielle.c.bacskay.mil@us.army. mil Is there a phone number to contact the school? Thank you
 online\ im not sure if you all have it. im looking into becoming a counselor...im an Alumni of AIU and i wanted to know what it would take for me to come back and change my degree from business to maybe psychology or something in that area ok thank you the information
 No thanks
 Yes Psychology Oh..  What about criminal justice? I have completed my studies at the University of Alexandria Faculty of Arts Department of Psychology but I am waiting to receive the university certificate to complete the study I am Egyptian Yeah . What should I do to complete my studies abroad? Knowing I do not have much money to do it! Are there any scholarships besides work so that I can pay for my studies? My name: Abanoub Nady Farg Email address: abanoubnady1235@gmail.com Phone number: 01225109856 or 01015707419 Ok any time I want to told you something my speaking is not very perfect
 I'm at the acknowledge part & I have read it but it will not let me check box. Nicole Faye White whiten2014@gmail.com 859 539 6487 Thank you
 Hi my name is nayeli I wanted to see if you guys had LPN online classes or would i have to go to a campus What is health care management
 hello mam I am willing to pursue MBA in international business how will the opportunities after pursuing it Can you please help me to choose it ok mam.. Can you please help me Is international business a good major
 OK Yes
 When do the next semester starts For online classes OK how do I get in touch with them
 Hello. I am doing some research on your school and considering going back to school. Do you know if your university is still partnered with Bank of America to offer a tut ion discount?
 Do you have a social worker degree I'm Sandi I will like to get a degree in social work
 HiI would like to know more about adaptive learning system called intellipath™. No I am a potential faculty member I see. thank you. Bye.
 What degree can I get from your college I am looking for a BFA in Arts I was looking for an online degree
 Hey I was pose to return back to school the last start date but I was pushing time getting everything in the fasfa is what held me up because I didn't have my tax information now I have it is it to late to try to re-enroll
 can I start college online right now criminal justice destiny Renee bell belldestiny2015@gmail.com 361717-0889
 online my daughter is a student there and is having difficulty seeing her GPA Have you had any technical difficulties THANK YOU
 I need to email an official transcript request. Who do I email? Tha k you No thank you again
 Online Education No I've been to AIU online before Lea dokes 4057350566 dokesml@gmail.com
 I am a former student and wanted to purchase some memorabilla cmann4@msn.com I don't know it I graduated in 2006 Is there a reason why you need this information  - online
 Hi Arica I have been doing medical billing for 28 years but want to get my certified coding specialist certificate so that I can get into the health information management department in a hospital.  Do you offer courses that would prepare me to take the test and also offer the test for the certificate? thank you so much for your help.  I will call him tomorrow.  What time zone is Mr. Rosebourough in so that I can call at a decent time? thank you
 wondering how i send my military transcripts and law enforcement time to see how many credits are approved or transfered? online courses only no jesse shapiro 6085159818 holmen wi jshapiro34@gmail.com email is best contact form
 Chicago Online What do you offer
 hello is this a robot
 Hello how long is the corrections degree online Thank you
 I'm  trying to get in school Do this university  do cna classes What is healthcare management How many months do i have to go to school Ok that sound good I graduate from high school Ok
 Hello I am a student with AIU online I'm having trouble esigning documents.. what should I do Shabrica Williams dynasty702627@gmail.com 912-988-8326 8327 Sorry Idk I'm not sure I know I did orientation today I can not esgin documents to complete financial aid.. Thanks so much...
 What the financial aid online number Yes Thanks
 Hello i wanted to know when the next refund check will b sent out Ty
 hi paul is this still a culinary arts school in boston ma ?
 Hi Kristie I am not sure I signed up for classes in 2004 for online classes never received any books never heard back anything. Now I am trying to get Financial Aid for another college and I am told that I have defaulted on student loans through you guys ok thank you. The number the student loans gave was busy.
 have i completed the enrollment application okay but it will not let me email  sign document GeorgeAnn  email is annauzenne568 gmail.com ph.no.832-939-1981 with you yesterday on another topic ok2 is alex in gigh school diploma and i went to gargsst voc.school for medical assistance and wordprocess teaching I  work with children of all ages over 40 years business and accounting what other classes do you offer what about master in teaching so there is nothing with education okay thanks I'm still thinking about accounting no so when is the next class okay I  have been speaking to  Alex on the cost and everything the  class we talk about will cost over 29000 dollars he or some one can call after 3 I have an appointment at 2 Alright  Thanks I will wait for her call then. bye
 how many weeks are the online courses? business administration (HR) in the process of re-enrolling online
 Whats the cost for tution online CJ
 I forgot my password I don't know the answer to my security question answer okay thanks
 Hi! I was interested in teaching online classes. I saw a posting for Computer Literacy but it was an older post. Has this been filled?
 hekko hello sorry ) I am working with Leonard Croft- admissions rep and am in-process of transferring credits to AIU - I am completing the online application now I will ask if I have questions thank you yes I do in fat fact excuse me my children are whirling around me a friend of mine Cortney Wadino I wont give her phone number but I will see about email
 got a question i need get hold of the get my transcripts for a deffrent un need to talk someone asap been trying call them and left an anwer but no one is picking up
 My dream is to study with you but I do not have fluency in English is it possible? Thank you
 Can I do online degree I have done diploma in electronics and hardware and networking also Please send me requirement link What could be course period
 I for get my password and username Johnyounggchantell85@gmail.com8642720832
 Hi Okay good Yes online one I have not finish school as yet but i wish to continue online I don't have any of those Okay thanks
 Hi. I was wondering how much tuition is? Online
 RuthCarter
 Good morning Online
 What is the school code Online Thank u Not yet just now starting registration Csarah Felder cfelder88@gmail.com 2546515891
 is tech support available through chat
 Imy password want let me login
 I attended AIU from 2003-2004 and was trying to get an unofficial copy of my transcript.  How can I go about doing this? Buckhead In Atlanta Will this allow me to get an unofficial copy?
 Good Morning Jacque MBA's department I was wondering if you were able to take two different Master's programs at the same time okay thank you
 No 1
 Could you please email me the difference between business management and business administration on rkaur18@eq.edu.au
 Hi I'm Valarie and I'm interested in started school I'm undecidable Anderson 478-215-8613 valarieanderson90@gmail.com
 Hi good afternoon something wrong with my application Hi
 Hi online I would like to know do you have the fast track or flex programs available Byrin +8618740214771byrinbotha@yahoo.com I have a high school diploma. from South Africa I am a SA citizen. the main language in south africa is english. I have no prior credits as this will be the first degree I would like to complete. I am looking for a BA degree in tourism or in management or in physical education. online as a fast track or flex degree if offered. Patrick?
 Hi - just looking right now ..thanks!
 I'm needing some info i was a former student in 2008 trying to find out when i started and finished ok thank you
 If I get a degree in business administration in entrepreneurship what can I get work at ged chase anthony
 Hi Jacque My names are pule chisala from Africa in a country known as Zambia I am a holder of an Advanced Diploma In Business Management from ABE U.K and a Diploma in Hotel travel tourism part 1 Diplomas in Business administration and Human resource management I am currently doing the last four subjects in a top up degree with University of south wales U.K in business studies. I am aged 49 and currently working as Risk Coordinator with Vedanta Resources subsidiary KCM in Zambia. However I wish to pursue an online bachelors degree with AIU in leadership of educational organizations. Is it possible I may qualify for credit transfer. Okay.. do I qualify for admission in this program I meant do I qualify for admission not for credit transfer Are suggesting unless I had a degree in any program in order for me to qualify for admission Okay gat you... thank you for your time guess I confine myself to U.K programs Bye.......
 Atlanta Digital Film Certificate Well before I get that in-depth are you able to tell me if these courses are offered in the evening? I have already gone thru admission process with 2 other programs only to find out they don't offer the program during evening. okay great. thank you so much.
 Hello Illinois I'm fine. I just happen to see the chat line open How  often you are here and if I need help with some school work can I get it here I started classes in April and this is my first time taking college classes I have been out of school since 1967 so I am having problems with some studies
 What to chat more but now what is State and school code For FAFSA application I spoke with someone 6 months and now trying to find best visit.
 atlanta when do you receive your degree you mean after the graduation ceremony the official degree just to have an idea i thought you send the degree by post to the students home address yes
 Hey I woke up to late for my orientation Yes What time do it start Kyle help me Dan McIntyre 8039890526 Soulmoneyd.uga@gmail.com
 who do I contact about getting a copy of my transcripts/ ok thank you
 im an alum looking to check my info  cant remember login in information I was given alum info to login after graduation to request transcripts or other info
 I was wondering what information I needed to submit for admission
 Hello
 HELLO My name is Isaac I am having questions concerning my payment AIU ONLINE yes i am my student ID IS25944458 ABOLADE aboladeoluwaseyiisaac@yahoo.com 4799575870 ok what time is best to call them
 Hi i cant seem to log in Im in michigan. Was doing online Its n T Anthony D Johnson looking to return i was inrolled and then i was kicked off the system and could access it 231 3257348. Address 707 delaware st se grand rapids mi 49508. Email londonloveu81@ gmail.com Number on my account was 6163257348 My field of study was addiction counseling
 Hi Liane how long is the Masters in Information Technology? Is it 1 or 2 years? Or is it at your own pace?
 Im allready inrolled I jusy goy my fasfa done AllanOliver Im online
 hey am bryan a permanent resident in america currently at hcc but wannna transfer am in houston aiu houston campus bryan njuguna 8322090012
 Hello Why do you need 180 credits to receive a BA I am military and located in Germany good morning to you as well thank you I will receive my AA in december But I am planning to receive my BA in 2 yers thank you I would like to receive my BA sooner if I could UMUC Sorry but I am here to ask general questions To better assist me If the questions that I ask may be answered that is the better way to assist me
 hey Hello alibaba
 I am trying to get in touch with human resources about a professor job posting I have found.  I have a few questions but can not get in touch with them. Thank you You as well.
 yes
 Where do i apply for financial aid
 Hi I need to be directed to the department for my Bachelors Degree certificate My name is Chandra Smith former student of AIU I am requesting my GPA along with my Degree.  So which department would I have to email for that request
 Sorry none of them as I already attended. I am trying to figure out how to get a copy of my transcripts? OK thank you!
 what is the acceptance score here and yes how are you im interested in online classes do y'all have that ? child care funeral services  counseling business administration Kanayi Simpson kanayi.simpson@yahoo.com 4782850293 tomorrow I have a telephone interview with Ms Ikeia Burns and saturday i have another interview at 3:00 with another school
 Hi i need to see if it would be possible to use my grant money for cost of living so I can attend my clsses and focus on my studies instead of worrying about working to take care of my family Yes Ok thanks so much
 Why was I txted about this
 Hi Arica I was hoping you could tell me what address I would use for AIU if I did it  online? ok great thank you so much no I'm trying to fill out a benefits application for my daughter and it asks for my education history thank you!!
 hi is there  campus around  inAlpharetta? ok  i am current looking to pursue any  certificate course degree of photography is there in any of Universirty campus ? As iam  KANISHK this side from India. iam from India & I complete my PG DIPLOMA in  Digital & BROADCAST JOURNALISM back in 2012-13 of one year & i have done internship in Sadhna News Noida U.P India. iam presently in Jefferson C.T Alpharetta G.A Currently looking to enroll in some academic programme of my interest. ok iam currently preparing for my Toefl exam too. I would like to stay in touch with them too. if every thing goes well there i will contacting your unviersity  for any update you can contact me on my email id .kanishksingh937@gmail.com..
 Hi quick question for fafsa do I complete the 2017-2018 term or the 2018-2019? Yes just need to complete the fafsa form Yes but haven’t met with them yet Marcus coll marcus.coll1967@gmail.com 813-943-3081 thank you
 is there a way to send transcript electronically is there a way to send transcript electronically from another school no Larry Walter Lloyd Jr 843-345-7918 MR.LL78@yahoo.com call me at 850-885-2183
 Kristie I have a question for you. My son was enrolled in a master program in project management. He messed up on his last course and did not graduate. I wanted him to complete the program. Is that possible? He was an online student His name is Timothy Bernard Royer Jr. Phone# 8176669165. I do not remember his email address.
 Good Afternoon I have a few questions about the schooling\ is it a private school How do you all go about enrolling my son just graduated from highschool and was in the culinary program there thank you.. Do he have to have a scholarship to attend yes.. I don't know anything really bout signing him up and stuff. any in Orlando fl AWww Ok I'm located in florida
 my name is adrian wright the program  im intresting batchlor   in accounting high school diploma 2004 i used to be a student  there in the pass adrian wright6363@gmail.com    adrian wright   2259935791 im at work  rate  nobody else my phone acting up im not going teo hear u i can talk to u on the chat u   there
 have trouble log in i forgot my pawword and the security question my use is Marcie.Noell7 can u help i have to do my application maecie bables it was marcie noell when i attend 1615 john west rd apt 1311 dallas tx 75228 469-826-0191 marcienoell123@gmail.com ok thank u
 How many credits pre class Online Some college I have 4 classes completed
 Hi I am from Texas Irving near Dallas University yes sure Do we have Ph.d cource one more question Do we have any OPT cources ok
 How do I log in to improve my evaluation scores? I have just completed submission of an admission application for an MBA in Business Administration My start date is August 4 2018 Yes Tracey Glover is my admission advisor I am Samuel Ani Ndamukong Yes please ndamukongsamuel@yahoo.fr  Tel. 4435586353 In fact she promised to call me today at her earliest convenience. I could however initiate the call to her. Not now Same to you Paul
 YES I AM I NEED HELP JACQUE I FORGET MY PASSWORD YES I DID NO 318-934-8537 MEREDESMAYS@GMAIL.COM AND YOU ALSO CAN TEXT ME  AT THAT NUMBER TOO MERCDEDS ARE YOU MARRIED MERCEDES MAYS YES I AM COSMETORY YES DOING HAIR CRIMINAL JUSTICE I WANT TO KNOW ARE YOU MARRIED HIGH SCHOOL DIPOMA NOTHING
 hi my name is Simone Porter and i am continuing my education at Liberty University I need a letter on letterhead proving that i was attending your school for healthcare i don't remember the dates thank you have a blessed day
 Hi where is info on your programs? I don't see the program I want or any  programs I have a Master's Degree Audio/Sound Is that offered as a non degree program? Atlanta is there a certificate program? I thought I saw an audio sound non degree program Maybe it wAS at Art Institute I don't want to do another Bachelor's degree I'd have to get ALL of my credit for courses completed. This is very disappointing. Are you SURE? I wasted a lot of my time applying here when it should have been Art Institute. Ugggh.
 I would like to talk I am avalble now if posiable chad Letmebyohandyman@icloud.com
 I can't seem to downloadstudent mobile
 ive completed my aaba and thinking about moving forward with bba what kind of classes am I looking at yes aiu on line was in Houston yesterday for ceremonies graduated magna cum laude rob.hyde@yahoo.com 4327034199 in about an hour
 Hello I need to get a bachelors degree on line in the shortest time Either education or health Diploma Yes at school and study in Zimbabwe and currently live and work in Australia British and currently doing Australian
 I am needing my official transcripts
 I'm nervous about signing this application because my hope was to get a grant of some kind from the Federal Government.  How do I do this? I believe so Christopher.  So should I go ahead and sign this application and then call him?
 Will you please fuck me please I need it I'm so horny ooooooooooo
 I WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK WITH AN ADVISOR PRENICIA JONES 4789722963 PRENICIA_KJONES@YAHOO.COM 5204 MARTY LANE #103 LOUISVILLEKY 40219 HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SOME COLLEGE SO I WILL BE A TRANSFER STUDENT.
 Hi I’d like a phone call to discuss my Student loans is that possible I am already enrolled in the school just want to know what I owe Or an email Yes I believe so I called a million times no answer Can I request a call back
 Hello Kim I have a few questions I am currently an Atlanta student I am looking at the grants that are offered by AIU and I am wondering if there is an application process or are they just applied based on the student Ok thank you
 Hi I’m inquiring about returning to AIU I attended school back in 2012-2013 Ashante Barnes ashantebarnes@gmail.com 5042703692 Ok
 I can't seem to get my password going so i can do some more documents Judy E. Pruitt judypruitt274@gmail.com 602-883-5548 ok ok no
 i ordered and requested my transcript from AIU to be sent to Liberty University on May 12018 and was charged $10.50 on my master card but Liberty University still has not recieved the transcript i got a email saying that AIU online had placed my order on hold because  no completed coursework on file for transcript due to canceled enrollment
 Yes Ok How to feel this out
 forgot my password yes yes
 Hi. I want to study again to get my ged but i can't do it I do not know how can i get my ged
 need to order my transcripts i went online no 2012
 Hello I had a question how would I go about getting my credits transferred over to another school Yes No and thank you
 How do I submit my transfer credits to be looked at to tell me how many classes I have left to do to get degree? I would like to do online Would I be able to contact someone during the evening hours because I would not be able to talk to them until I get off from work I am in maryland would they be able to reach me around 7?
 Pasadena
 Hi I was wondering how do I get an Alumni Mentor? Yes. I'm not sure.
 online I filled out an application last night for business billing and coding Lynette Metcalf ... Lynettemetcalf80@gmail.com 5592964722 I dont get good phone service where i live so i miss alot of calls email is the best way to contact me okay I dont get good service and thats the only number i have yea how about noon tomorrow
 do you all offer music production no
 Hello Patrick Not sure I am look at a master is Education Online BBA UT El Paso I am interesting Leadership of Educational Orgs okay Ill call they sent me a text
 Hi online.Does this school offer 6 or 8 week classes? At the moment I would just like to know if this school offer 6 or 8 week classes?
 buckhead  georgia ihave a I have an associates degreewith themin medical coding and billing looking to go back to school for my bachelors with them mary gibson estergibson2000@gmailcom 2292059404 yes ill leave for work about 11 am est so between 8 -10 am est yes ok thANKS
 I forgot where is AIU at in Altanta  HOUSTON
 I’m trying to enroll and I’m stuck at the page of e-signature Isrrael Borbonio isrraelborbonio24@icloud.com 9194645815 Yes Okay can she call at 6:30 I’m on break from work
 Is y'all asscoiate degree program in criminal justice are a 2 year program. And what is the cost of your tution? I prefer online Penn Foster Highschool. What is the tutiton cost. Yes What is the tutiton cost I just want to know the tutiton cost
 Hey yes my name is celestial ad i was trying to apply for this online school. Bach Doctor i meant masters cancer or heart No thank you
 Hello just a quick question I just finished my admissions application. On my FSA I did not include AIU.  Is that something I can add later? Yes and no an advisor has not been assigned yet. Judy Williams email-rosebudf28@gmail.com
 hello friend yes i need a detail information from about aiu international scholarsip are you there
 Hi how much is the tuition per subject Or for 12 credit hours Houston Accounting and finance $4750 is for 12 credit hours Associate degree Manahil tariq manahil_tariq100@yahoo.com 7133409326 After 4
 Hi How long does it take to complete the doctorate ? Okay
 online. I need help with the password for the application Charles downing. charlesdevin91@gmail.com. 2177306542 well we did not get that far Kyle wigle is his name I do not think I did the application no what I am saying is I don't think I did the application is krenric bucainn there cause he is the one I talked to
 Please advise if I have prepared a formative assignment and need to do a summative. Do I add to the formative with the comments from the tutor or prepare a complete separate one
 Hello I want to reach the career development office No I am not I wish to discuss offering some powerful employability assessments. I would be happy to offer a no strings attached trial Aston university and Leeds are already using it can you put me through to the course director at the business school
 Paul Mac here.  I have question about your IT degree.  I understand that only 75% of credits can be transferred.  My question is what if I also have that credit plus certifcations at what point can I apply those certs?  I have an AA but think I have enough to move into a MBA program but need to be awareded the BS first.  is that possible to fast track to the MBA PROGRAM No I would need a veteran Rep My email address is mmckoy123@comcast.net.  Not yet ready to give up the phone number and other info until I get more information. Well I guess that was...Google knows all Sorry to go but  have to take off.  please email with contact info so i can call...thanks for your help
 Hi Online campus I just graduated and I need my transcript how do I order it without paying thank you have a good day
 trying to log on I am an alumni
 hi for the online courss
 Hello Patrick do you have any campus near Anaheim CA Are you there/ I need a campus near me so thanks
 Hi Kim I'm currently setting up to do online classes just having trouble getting the federal aid website to work it's been shuting down for some reason. Do you have any suggestions? Thank you so much U as well thank u
 I forgot my password My name is Lacole Laughlin email karnibey5622@gmail.com student login lacole.laughlin4 414-795-6281 You there? Okay Waiting for email now and I'm okay right now if I have any issues we'll contact you guys back
 Hi - I am a former online student and I am having trouble logging into my account
 what is the phone number for techincal support thanks
 i have an associate degree from uni phon do you take transfers
 I'm seeking Project Management Certification Online
 i was wondering why i am not getting my fasfa disbursment... i had to go through the appeal process to begin classes again and was accepted. is that why my award letter is blank? wendy forness wnforness@gmail.com 5019085171
 Account locked
 L cant login or creat a new password YES THE VIRTUAL CAMPUS TO DO MY LESSONS NO
 Hi How are you dear My name is abdullah I am from kuwait and i want to ask about the online degree
 Having trouble with user namewon't let me  login Yesalfredasavage714@gmail.com
 online I trying to log in but I can remember my passwprd shanita clark shanita6199@gmail.com 4783658191 I remember it I just need to know how to change my major yes
 What are your admissions requirements? SAT or ACT? Atlanta or online It's for my daughter. She is interested in hospitality I heard something on the radio about an open house June 23 related to hospitality. Can you tell me more about that What is the length of the program? I see its 180 hours but how many hours would a full time student normally take during a semester? What is tuition and fees? Thank you for your help. I'll talk to her about looking online and contacting an advisor. I heard the radio advertisement on my way to work and wanted to check it out. She is a rising senior in HS and is looking for something outside the standard college experience and is interested in event planning which usually falls under hospitality. one last question do you accept the HOPE scholarship for your Georgia residential students? I think a certain amount of HOPE can be used for private universities. ok thanks for your help. thanks for providing the phone numbers also.
 online just need to get a transcript sent to me thank you
 never mind i was trying to figure out my username and password but i got it thank you I don't right now i'm sorry
 ok register nurse ok
 Im trying to see if i have been accepted or not?  I applied for aiu online. Associate in criminal justice
 Hello I was trying to see if you could provide me with the full tuition for Associate Degree What if I have credit that transfer That's ok thanks
 Hi Kim  I would like an online inquiry High school maybe GED
 I was previously a student here and may possibly be interested in attending online again with a different field interest Pippa Dulcinae Watson Classa.lady@yahoo.com 4373704770 I attended online Noon thank u
 I haven't done as much research as I should about your doctoral programs  so I am searching now. masters Thanks will do. No one just now but I'll certainly give it some thought.
 i cant remember my password cant get the name of my dog bernard carter jr 31960165 carterjr6@gmail.com thah is my email carterjr269@gmail.com ok
 What can be used as proof of graduation Proof of high school graduation I'm signed up for classes just waiting on my last ged test results Kiana Gates 713-899-2975 kianagates19@yahoo.com Ok
 Hi Are the Degree programs open to worldwide students? I'm from India Do I need to physically be in USA? Or can I pursue the degree program fully online? Okay No This will be it Thank you.
 I absolutely love this school Thanks for all your help getting me in this school 27529268 I wanted to thank u for everything Desi is so sweet and awesome I didn’t do it yet Monday I will Yup thanks again have a great night I have been Yes Can I rent books from the library I been touring the website Ok thanks Robin Ur awesome and sweet person I found a good friend too Desi Thanks I will contact the library tomorrow I hope we can be friends on here while I go threw my journey with this school Thanks again Good night Robin
 i forgot my usemame and password i come back to school i was astudent marcie bables yes 4698260191 but i not at home right now 6 yes ok get my dregree ok i hear that school give out computer fot the course is that true
 I’m trying to apply to go ahead and get my fasts and student loans started so I can get going with schooling I’m in Beaufort SC Online is what I want Kelsey Rowe  rowe_kelsey@yahoo.com 910 382 9488 I’m at work so i can’t anwser
 Good morning. I would like to know who I need to contact to get an official transcript sent Thank you for your help I graduated in 2015 with my Masters in IT and I applied for a position and a requirement is that I get my official transcripts sent to them Thank you I truly enjoyed my classes Have a great day Rosalyn
 am mustafa njechele from tanzania asking to study  degree of nutrition degree of human nutrition how can i get it ok thank you
 Hey I put in a request for a unofficial transcript last week and I still haven't received it in my email Ok thank you
 Hello Can I do the classes on line?  I want to be a RNA. Healthcare Management. Do I have to have a GED or  High school diploma? My name is April Denny  my email is. aprildenny35@gmail.com.and phone is. 8593293294. I don't have either. Thank you for your time Robin. Have a good day. Thank you.
 Hey I’ve done mine financial ad and etc so now I’m just wandering who could I speak with about pale ??? May I ask why you need that information ?.
 Hi Kristie I'm in the Application Ctr and am unsure what I'm being asked to sign I'm an AIU online alum and am interested in the online campus yes the MIS IT Project Mgmt program ok Awaiting their return call Would the 7/4 session start date be 17/18 oe 18/19 school year? Keena Moffett keenamoffett@live.com 4570 Roseman Trl Cumming GA 312-433-9093 David Rodriguez 847-851-5210 yes sure Actually tomorrow would be better 5:00pm EST no thx
 Hello Would probably be online well so I was wondering about the Master's in Education
 How take classes online No all in United States and I've my associate's Degree. No not at all Martin alvarenga Hondurasyungace3305@gmail.com 786-560-4364
 Hi Veronica Los Angeles Can I start in AIU online and shift to Atlanta / Houston later Completed a few courses in MBA in USA BE (CS&E) from India Worked in US for 8 yrs earlier Now I am in India Gurudeva B Kalledevarpurada ok I am trying to login Could not remember userid/password tried to login to make an application
 I need help unlocking account and resetting password Whitney smart 8122418408 and personal email is kingers89@yahoo.com the school one is whitney.king16@student.aiuonline.edu Yes I have I have a link to reapply but I have to log in to do it and cant remember password ended up locking myself out trying to remember the security answer I have multiple pets and dont know which one I used Sorry I do not know anyone else wanting to go back to school but thank you for your time
 Stop
 Hello! I'm writing to inquire about a job posting AIU.  It is on Indeed.com for Associate Director Student Success - CTU in Oak Park IL. Is this still available? thanks
 hi  i want to singn up for ged classesfor free can you help me oh ok thanks
 Online Animation patti_k1958@yahoo.com 507-923-8590. Patti Ann Kennedy Evening Right now. Tomorrow evening. I will be waiting for you.
 Online
 I'm highly interested in continuing my education and nursing career I was wondering by any chance do you guys help with laptops or iPads easier for my educational needs Cuz I want to start as soon as possible if you need me
 online BBA project management or operations managment AAS electronic engineering and biomedical electronics all within the US I also have enough credits liberal arts but never did get that scott reinke 7124904980 rei49270@Hotmail.com cant talk at the moment sorry after 630pm I wanted to know if I could send my transcripts in and have them evaluated and get a better understanding of what I would be required to take in terms of courses? no military that works thanks not at this time
 Who is in charge of hiring candidates for filling different positions on the various campuses? I was told the main campus in Chicago. Is that correct? Ok. Ok Is that the main campus? Thank you
 THANKS i think the summer admission will not be favorable for me do you guy offer fall admission? ok can i get a number to contact anyone ok i ok i started an application already for july but i realized i cant make that...can start another application for sept ok prince 0246720813 princeadomadjei@yahoo.com adjei alright thanks and there is spring too right/ ?
 Good afternoon .can't  remember my username and cellphone off What is the suggestion for username wanting to start classes 7/4/18 will we b speaking on the chat line. My rep. is Patrice she has been assisting me with the process. Yes I was just hoping to have my application completed to the school. I am a little off schedule. so can you assist r do I have to wait until tomorrow Michele Hill - Collins michelehillcollins@gmail.com cell phone 409-9394572. I can receive but cannot call out. I have checked my email on the cell phone but apparently it is not responding. Thank you I am in. If you are a DAD Happy Father's Day If not Have a Great Day. Know one else. Patrice is my introduction to the Team. Thanks again I believe I have it from here.
 Do you provide a laptop Criminal Justice I have a certificate of completion in Cosmetology I graduated from highschool in 2006 Not yet just waying my options Ok Thank you
 Hello I am currently looking into online courses and I was wondering the cost per credit Also how long are the online courses? The BS in the Criminal Justice degree specializing in Forensic Science Yes That is wonderful thank you so much. My name is Serena Hernandez Number: (210) 7637722 email:serenah16.sh@gmail.com address: 7514 Glen Valley No Around five would be a good time Thank you and I hope you have a good night
 how do i reach virtual campus online?\
 hello online I was inquiring as to whether or not AIU does a double major business administration in the health care and human resources field sure shoulds good Dominique Davis dominique.davis0914@gmail.com 6788325019 yes i am evenings 4pm would be better thank you no that is all
 Good afternoon I just need the email address to send my previous college's transcript to. *Online
 I just enrolled last night and need help with the fasfa So if we may work throughthat while on chat that would be great Christine Moses  253-457-0928.  c.elkins69@yahoo.com I forget oh at 12:30 pm i got a call comming Yes that is her #
 Jerryan.Dennis4 I CAN ACCESS MY PASSWORD IS NOT WORKING online i already have an accout and password but it not going through. am in the hospital i don't know still proccessing my application ok ok let me try it i already talk with her but want to change my school start cz im in the hospital a ok no it is the same thanks yes idid i know but i answered my mom maiden and my daughter's middle name and they keep saying her middle name is wrong but it is my only child i have one middle name for her
 Yes how are you doing today well my name is Calais Washington in I'm am becoming a student in I was just trying to see about my student loan I don't know my student ID number by heart calaiswashington@yahoo.com 8506026574 Thanks Ok He's not tell me nothing about when i will get it I'll being trying to call him but no answer Ok thanks
 good evening my name is Elijah i was wondering how i could access my assigments online
 how do i comeplte application steps? it wont let me click them jonathan parra parrajohn91@gmail.com 5095315576
 I am interested in starting classes and applying for financial aid Bachelor in management
 My pager and where am I at and when can I start class I need to get sing into a school fast Business and Associate degree I have a high school diploma No Crystal Hayes 4423477647 crystalcooper455@gmail.com Okay let me see why But what is your number Try after 12 it could be the work area k I'm so.....Sorry about that No How about 1
 online bachelor in criminal justice or homeland security yes my name is Quinton Jefferson / quintonjefferson09@yahoo.com / 2294173601 I was wondering do being a correctional officer and yes I am Spc. currently in the Georgia National Guard no think you for support ok a good time would be at 1:30 p.m think you for helping me
 I need to know what CB adjustment-BBAGA stands for on my student account ledger They ask me to contact financial aid for this matter thanks
 hello online criminal justice i have a question my last name is spelled wrong an i need it changed for financial aid code Brianna Barnes briannabarnes100@yahoo.com 229-407-2011 but it was spelled Bames okay 3 sorry i am trying to get it changed for my financial aid code but no one is helping and i need it changed today i have reached out to them an they said they havent got to my name yet but i need the correction to be  made okay one moment call now ok
 I want to know if I'm enroll already? Carmen Ramos 580-917-4005 carminzupr@yahoo.com The advisor didn't told me that. I have a field excersice coming up and like I told him to Mr. Young I'm still expoloring. How can I cancel this enrollment He's not answering my calls Anytime I need to solve this issue.
 paragraph of academic goals example
 GOODMORNING I HAVE A QUESTION NO IM THINKING ON APPLYING HERE MY QUESTION IS ARE THE CLASSES ONLINE THE SAME AS A NORMAL SCHOOL EDUCATION EARLY CHIDHOOD EDUCATION OKAY THANK YOU GOODBYE
 Hi Liane I am trying to apply for the school but I am not a citizen or been to the sate state how do you mean international credit? I wont mind applying if it possible I had my school waec west africa examination
 i need technical support yes
 hi Will you accept international student for MS IT project mgmt courses Onlin BBA Yes India India Thank you for the details Sorry No Capella University seems to be less costlier Thanks for the details
 Online I'm looking for culinary arts Hello
 Hi I have a question regarding my email setup on my phone my question is do I choose the imap4 the POP3 option Ok Kim thanks!
 Greetings when is the next start date for online aside from the 4th of July Health management masters program
 Hello my name is Melanie Chaffin Carter. I was enrolled in aiu but due to an extremely abusive relationship I have just recently been able to get out of that kept me from maintaining my schoolwork while I was enrolled in aiu. I am wondering if there’s anything I can do to get back into school now. I was in healthcare management but criminal justice is something I’m extremely interested in too. I didn’t tell anyone at first what was going on but my mom and family know now and I’m really wanting to get back in school I enjoy it. Melanie Chaffin Carter melaniechaffin415@gmail.com (631) 606-4774 Craig Meeks knocmob@hotmail.com
 I am trying to call you For my GED my #no is 904-7600155 can you let me no how go about getting it Thanks you Can I take a cass!!!  With out  my ged
 Hello Kristen I am already a fulltime AIU student I am wondering if I am able to change my major? It will still be in the same field I just want to delete my specialization ok thank you Yes ma'am and thank you for you time you have a great rest of your weekend Tami Labonte 678-416-9697 243 Graham Street 8A winder ga 30680 lol you said email tllabonte4270@gmail.com your very welcome after about 11 or 12 ok thank you so very much no you have been very helpful have a great weekend and god bless you too
 ONLINE mba has the deadline passed to startjuly 4 classes? bba accounting okay great. what is the paperwork deadline?
 How do I retrieve my username and password to log in application center? Melvin Rock mrock1973@hotmail.com 7409719357 Your Welcome doing it now
 My. Name. Is. Beateiz .Munoz lam. A student. In. Lau. Online. Student.
 hi It wont accept my new passcodes or any that tech support sent I cant get into my virtual campus because it wont take passcodes please change my security questions this has taken all day
 Hello
 i forgot my username and password amorphatgirl angela okpara 5365 southcross ranch rd 38 san Antonio tx 78222 2103340876 amorphatgirl@gmail.com
 hello I'm trying t get a grade copy set to me until my financial hold is taking o for trasncripts hello I'm trying t get a grade copy set to me until my financial hold is taking of for trasncripts
 i have a degree in social work... so i would not apply as a undergraduate... correct?
 good afternoon i am doing fine my name is Danae Jackson i am looking to complete my degree i was told that your university offers laptops for students needing one to take online classes is that correct
 online i currently reside in new york elementary education what are the requirements for applying for this particular program ? bachelors ok what is the estimated tuition? ok thank you so much
 Hi. R there programs to become a RN? Thank u.  Only interested in nursing. Bye
 I am waiting to Chang my password It will expire in 24 hours Yes Lisa Robertson lkcooper1978@gmail.com 2702268407 The one I gave u I had been updated I done talk to someone Thanks U too
 hi - what credit do I gt for going back to school after 30 plus years of working what about work history I retired from us post office as postmaster in 2017 70 credits of college father was an army veteran
 Hi I'm an Alumni Student ID 8599019 Kelli Michelle Mechler AIU Houston I was wondering if you could send me a receipt of when I opted out of the Bachelor's program in 2008.  like a receipt from when I withdrew thank you for your help.  Have a great Friday!
 I am trying to do my essay which was due tonight but can I do it on my phone and I can't even get to it
 Good afternoon
 I cannot get past the username and password
 Hey how does financial aid work The online university Baschlor of crime scene i wanna be a crime scene investigation Ok great how long are the classes for Christina searle 615 293 5004 and its christinasearlehot3028@gmail.com Ok
 I am on the application and charging my phone. I have a password written down so I just need time to get ready. Lynette
 Krista I am applying for a faculty position.  Thank you for asking. Thank you! Have a Great Day!
 im trying to obtain my username and password no i am not a student kathy jackson laqueshajackson21@gmail.com 2294435188 my phone is currently broen broken i dont get my phone in the mail until next week no sir thank you
 online I have an AS on graphic design and I want to to a bachelor. I don't care if is in other degree I just want to do it fast Are those the only online programs? Business Administration how fast can I get my bachelors and how much it cost? I can fill that online how long does it take and can you give me an estimate of how much it will be
 No high school diploma
 Hello Veronica.  I live in Georgia and I wanted to ensure that AIU is a state approved program?  I am seeking a masters in education.  I was told by the Georgia professional standards commission that the school has to be state approved. Awesome! So my colleague I believe has been accepted.  Do any of the education programs  lead to certification? Kimberly Jones 678-559-8243 kjonesie26@gmail.com Thank You! Online I just want to make sure it will lead to certification. ok
 Hi Veronica I am trying to see what it would cost me to go back here unfortunately since I owe you all to get my bachelors..i graduated from AIU in 2016 with my associates? online] Brittany Baker 5012588172 bnbaker12@yahoo.com. And let's be clear the only reason I am coming back is bc I owe you all 479 and am unable to get my associates degree delivered to my apt until i pay so i cant go anywhere else until i get my official trans so im just gonna come back here okay call me in about 15 mins..i'm at my temp job or i can call u back
 Hi. I have my degree from here. I need a copy of my official transcript and I am not seeing where to go on the website. Can you direct me to it? Not at this time. Thank you.  I do not. I always let people know where I got my degree from!
 Hi Clar wht is the amount per credit for a MBA t AIU? Clara Thanks What about non-military
 Hello. What is the federal school code for the online AIU? Thank you! No I'm trying to fill out the FAFSA
 Hello Robin I am in Atlanta but i am interested in online only for now Special Educatiomj Education Marquita Barnett  mreneebarnett@outlook.com  7708715089 Well I lost my phone I wont have a phone till tuesday i am waiting on it i n the mail lets set it up for Weds noonish just to be certain that is perfect thank you thank you and you enjoy also
 online
 I'm not sure how I have an application already? I am a Graduate of AIU HOUSTON with my Associate's Degree in Criminal Justice
 I put password but its not going though cburks2984@gmail.com Yes K
 Hello I am looking to go back to school business no I have not thank you Lewis Oliver Lewisoliver718@gmail.com 2073992497 it being Sunday is there anyone available to talk to today
 Hi Liane. Hope you're well. I have a quick question. I attended AIU and graduated back in 202 I'm looking to apply for a PhD at Purdue and they have asked me to provide a CEEB number. Does that sound familiar to you at all? Thank you. Will send them an email shortly Sorry I can't think of anyone right now but will be sure to refer them if and when I do You too!
 I have applied online already and filled out the fasfa for it but I have not hear anything back from anybody I applied for online associate degree for business administration jazminchante14@gmail.com 11am is fine thank you you too. thank you
 Hello! I am currently pursuing my PhD and applied for a few roles in business( online) and wanted to know who should I contact to check on the status of my application? Also who is the Dean of the online college of Business? Thank you so much!
 Good day
 Yes Robin I am not understanding and  I  would like Ms. Erica in my AAOB  class to know that I am very ill and I was working sick so I will be out today I wrote my teacher Thank You Thank You
 hello my name is rodney edwards and I won't to get in to your associate business program the online classes no rodneyedwards@ymail.com 229-233-2691 i can't talk right now at work but i get off at 7:30 no i'm on break right now trying to find out some information about getting in this school that will be fine
 Good morning The pre-filled application states that i am due to graduate November 2018. i am currently in my capstone and walked the stage. how can I change the date on the application to proceed with the Masters application? Tabatha Pryor 210.322.9991 tabbypryor@Live.com I will have to wait about 30 minutes if you do not mind. Thank you have a good day
 What are the differences among these: Master of Education Master of Arts in Teaching or Master of Science in the field?
 Hi my name is Jamesha i wanted to re-enroll for the semester coming up Im at work currently i will notify you when i get off
 How I get my password? I received my username but the password isn't. Anyway my name Gidaf Tsegaye My email adress tdigafie @yahoo.com. my phone number 2678818187 Some college credit
 I am interested in the Education (M.Ed.): Specialization in Leadership of Educational Organizations Someone was suppose to email me but I never recieved it yes clarktougaloo1@gmail.com 9014171479 2424 capitol st houston tx 77003 online nope Okay
 Hello kim i live in evansville indiana Im wanting to know do u have to have a ged inorder to start classes Thanks
 Hello i want to ask how much cost for bachelor program For online type No Undergraduate (business (human resources management) No Sure HEND AL Barkoumi hindalbarkoumi@gmail.com +966590082629 am a girl Sorry ? Yes i have studied one year in Turkey in near east university I am Syrian (: Ok thanks Sorry for your time
 Hi May i know entry requirement for Malaysians Students Information Technology (BSIT): Specialization in Network Administration Diploma Vocational College Technology Computer system and networking
 Hello Looking to re enroll into classes Jalisa Moran  979-292-6122  jalisamoran21@gmail.com Around 11am Thank you
 g looking for entrance counseling
 Ok helloI'm a New comer in USA and I don't have the rights papers to study. Ok I would like to know how your university can help me to develop my English Ok but what field can you assist me? Ok thanks you
 What is business associate
 i'm not sure I'm looking for online classes i'm just trying to find out how to go about signing up and if they do financial aid ok that's fine angela robertsonmonicluvchez@gmail.com 352 461 1319 thank you
 the online site says i dont have authorization to this site I have class work due tara carter tarancarter@yahoo.com 572532958 it says error 403 no it still says error
 hey im trying to get information about the school houston online accounting high school diploma and a little college yes because im a full time worker right now im at work oaky ah okay perfect thank you
 Social number No social number
 Hi Clara Am Abu from Sierra Leone Am interested in your online courses how can you help I have a Bachelors Degree Yes it was completed outside of the US Can i study from home?
 Hello Clara I am a former student who graduated in 2007 and am in the process of creating a resume. I need to find out what my GPA was. How can I do that? ok thank you! Patricia Anne Lintner dplintner@yahoo.com and 218-296-1384 I might have used a different email and phone number back then though ok
 Hello I enrolled yesterday it wont except my username or password and it wont let me reset Eric Haynes eric.haynes@mail.com it was Eric.Haynes44 never changed it
 thank you When looging in it says user or password is wrong Great thank you! it worked. At the moment I'm not specifically sure but if all goes well I'm sure a number of friends and family.
 Hello to you Kim I have sent my information I was scheduled with the agent name VIRAL KATWANA as an interviewer but I missed the schedule. Now I am in worry and don't know what to do please help me. YOU ARE BLESSED. Yesthanks my name is Abdul Karim Kamara. Email address is abdulkarimka397@gmail. Phone number is +231779058231 / +231776312117.
 I'm having trouble accessing my campus email account from my mobile can you please tell me what is wrong. The instructions are easy it gets to submit and comes back with message saying server is not acceptable Can they help me with my campus email on my laptop too? I am having an issue with it as well I have issues with it for four days now Ty
 I am trying to find a source for careers at AIU or careers through career services I am an alumni and I am trying to find more work alright there was also a website for career services that we could apply for jobs through what is it?
 Hello my name is Courtney I am a student here. I wanted to know where do I go to put my bank info in for my final aid Yes but I don't see it
 Hi Kim I am currently online student can you please tell me what is my school email address? Jerron Stewart jes123stl@gmail.com 404 731 4893 ok great thanks a lot Kim Thanks you as well
 Do you offer real estate classes I'm interested in real estate My name is Jessica. My email is wjessica3355@gmail.com I'm sorry I hung up. I am at work til 10pm. Could u call me tomorrow bout 10am I'm off and will be able to talk.
 hi Robbin I see that your classes are starting 4th of July how do meet up with this healthcare administration/management houston campus Sherifat Suledrsherifatsule@gmail.com name sherifat sule email drsherifatsule@gmail.com phone number 8327096063
 Dont i have to have high school diploma or GED to receive a Grant
 I'm trying to enroll and would like to know what all is needed? Business and arts +AA I am unsure what papper work is needed and also where I apply for fa and student loans and fasfa Jose Moreno 4804098142 I need an earlier time Pls Thank you Also wondering if I was referred by another student do they receive anything for this. josemoreno85204@gmail.com Nothank you I'll let you know You to
 HiI don't really know how to be admitted in AIU online university Cameroon general certificate of education advance level
 No  thank you
 GM I am trying to update my application. and when I get to the Select Program and Start Date it states "We currently don't have any start dates after your expected graduation date" Thanks TaTanisha Williams 9103202880 t.n.williams360@gmail.com Ok thanks I'd appreciate that. Thanks. She can email me anytime. If she needs to speak with me please ask her to email me and ask me to call her and I I'll call her back because I'm currently at work Yes Ma'am... Ok  thanks Ok thanks so much. I really appreciate it. I give them a try You too
 GOOD AFTERNOON I KNOW THAT YOU HAVE CLASSES STARTING 07/04 WHAT IS THE NEXT START AFTER THAT DATE? I WOULD LIKE TO RE-ENTER A COMPLETED AN APPLICATION FOR RE-ENTER BUT NO ONE CONTACTED ME NICO JOHNSON 773-297-1245 THANKS
 im student cant log on says error
 online well i graduated from AIU/Online in 2008 with my Bachelor's in Business Administration - focusing in Accounting and Finance. I am thinking about going into software engineering now i just wasnt sure if you offered anything like that Tiffany Ferguson - annier2516@comcast.net 815-592-6445 - however i would prefer email communication right now - im really just searching for information and have found a few other schools but would like to stay with AIU if there was a program that would help it may have been babycakes022@comcast.net i do have my student id#? 1521575 was my student# today is not good - could you set something up after 9AM tomorrow ok thanks you too
 thankyou for your response i will ask when neded thank you institute of engineering in nepal not at all
 hello could you tell me about eligiblty of AIU for admission high school in india ok
 Hi I just need to know what degree I would need to become an LPN.....I would like to do an online program....I live in Illinois
 Online Business administration Some college and no Yes Ashley Townes and ashleytownes26@gmail.com 601-594-9081
 Hi My name is Jessica. I would like to know if you guys have culinary programs and what type of degree is it. I tried looking on you’re page but i can’t find it Umm Miami campus. I live in Florida. Oh ok. No thank you
 Hello I just applied and I am trying to ensure I did it correctly Brian Mayweathers brian_mayweathers@comast.com 404-831/9661. I am interested in getting a project manager certificate. I am at work until 5 pm Est I  really wanted to know how to add my employer information to handle the tuition. ok thank you Yes I am Thank you I do not at this time.
 there is a hold on my account preventing me from getting my transcripts. i need to know why
 online Buisiness Veronica was talking an advisor all I hace to do is sign my app. and finish my financial aid I can't sign because because It want accept my pass word or user name. lorenecaldwell90@gmailcom or cottoncotton425@gmail.com myname Lorene Caldwell 6623523090
 I was formery enrolled and was dismissed for grades. I am hoping now is a good time to re-enroll. But I would like to take a look at my transcripts through the portal. Are you able to reset my password? kpechner@yahoo.com I'm sorry typo...   kpuechner@yahoo.com not at this time thank you for the offer.
 yes its not letting me log into my online campus tiffani melton lemondropferguson@gmail.com 2157583759 ok thank u
 yes do yall give credits to go to another college yes
 i allreday speak to an agent about online clases can you set for me username and password bcz i cant log-in to complate the application
 No one in particular I need to take a look of your campus location and see what degree plan that may interest me.  Thanks!
 online business administration im supposed to start classes on the july 4 but im having trouble signing in charles dalrymple  9293840355 gtmafia2012@gmail.com ok no thank you
 what is the tution for international students civil eng. and i dont know what campus ahh ok
 Hi. I was talking to Rosalyn a minute ago but it cut off. I was wondering if you offer any online classes. Hi sorry about that. Criminal Justice Well you see I'm an ongoing senior in high school. However I'm still wanting to obtain information Ok and last thing do you offer any pre college courses or early start online classes pk Thank you Ok*
 Hi Paul. Im looking into online Criminal Justice classes. Whats available in that field online? I have GED and no education outside the US. No not yet. Still looking into schools and options. Debra Patten. debrapatten@rocketmail.com. 281-386-3707 No Nobody as of now.
 Application Forensic science ba. Andrew robbons4174009035 theoger3881@gmail.com Ya Dont know need to go on app Keeps jumping to here
 hi clara idk do yall have any in mississippi medical transcription no specifically medical transcription thank you for your time
 I'm in maine
 Sorry lol dropped my phone Ok good thank you so much As of rn just me...  I'm a single mother of 2 boys & currently unemployed rn.  So I'm struggling & getting my education would be the best thing for me & my boys. I need all the help I can receive!!! Aww thank you Rosalyn
 Hey I’m trying to finish registering and forgot my password Online Adriana.walker@yahoo.com I have another question I will need help doing my finical aid are u the one to help me with that or no 229 417 0008 Ok
 I saw that you have a test out options for specific degree programs
 Hi Rosalyn. I like your name I have a niece name Rozlyn. Okay ao I will get straight to the point. I'm trying to find a school where I could get a great education but also where I could also receive some refund money into my pocket. I have kids and very much need extra funds and as well as further education. Criminal Justice ass. Ged and lisenced esthetian Are you all the type of school that does give the extta funds to students? I've looked at you all's financial aid and grants pages. I was wanted to know from actual person if you all have given extra funds to your students?
 Well I have already registered an my classes t Started Friday but I lost my phone and that's all I have for now internet and I was wondering if there was any a grant can be done
 Hey how or where do I set up my password to get into the AIU app for classes or do I have to wait to talk to my advisor Trying to but I kind of miss his calls due to work I emailed him today also Brittany Newson Mybabieslove@yahoo.com 5735877041 I’ve Already gotten my user I’d name
 Online I’m already enrolled for criminal justice I wanted to find out how do students request a stipend withdrawal or can it be done online? Yes I do
 What’s the app under in the Apple store
 Hi there I attended your university several years ago I wanted to find out did I own any credit hours and also wanted to find out if I am able to take my core classes online ? Am I able to take her classes online ? Core Is your office open now? Online is best for me at this time. I’m not sure about my major Lakisha 3239064442 When can I except a call? Jones 10am Yes
 yes online I don't now yet 11 ok
 Where do I go to obtain my transcript from AIU? Thank you. You too.
 I need to get a copy of my husbands degree for his potential new employer. His name is Shawn Martin and he did the online program for marketing and graduated with a 4.0 in 2005-2006 thank you
 hi im trying to login and it will not let me I believe I forgot my username online tracy.morrison@snhu.edu ok its not there r u sure u r sending it to the right email tracy.morrison@snhu.edu
 Hi Is this the Career education corporation? Ok I don't know if you can assist me or anything. But I just receive a disturbing information in my credit report that I owe you guys $4069 and you guys send me to a debt collection by the name of Central Credit. I had never heard of you guys before. Can you please explain to me why am I in a debt collection? They closed right now.
 Online Rickey L Doles 563-580-5019
 hi am from Sierra Leone am uable to get my number on your web page hi
 hi im studying in an indian curriculum school in the united arab emirates. I had not opted for math in my year 11 and 12. Can i apply for a major in bussiness in your university?
 hi im trying to either get my high school diploma or ged so i can futher my education
 hi paul My name is david byrd and I am have been talking and emailing with cornelieus back and forth trying to find out  how to transfer my credits that I took with straighterline.com to be accepted from your university. You university has an agreement with straighterline.com that once I am accepted that your college will accept and validate the courses that I took online at straighterline I have already gone through the application process and as far as I know I have been accepted and I have attached and sent a copy of my transcript multiple times to your university I can even send a copy to your email if it would help? he emailed me today but did not seem to understand what I am trying to do. I am not taking any courses with your university and don't need to do orientation as I have over 90 hours of college credit. I just need to have your college look over and verify the courses I have already taken from straighterline.com which your university has an agreement with for credit transfer. Ok I will email them thank you for your time I appreciate your help
 Hi I talked to a guy name Dustin earlier on the fone I was suppose to get a call back from him but never received one Sports management or Business Gary Frye Fryegary8513@gamil.com  (540)871-0447 Ok
 I.can't get in to do my financial aid packet PONEYTILL1@gmail.com Nathaniel Davis 7736633621
 Having trouble obtaining my fsa however I've began my application. An associates degree. I've spoken with  Matt and am currently being guided in the right direction. Thank you for reaching out! chantelle email: chantelle.unique1994@gmail.com
 Online BBA in tech. management Some college no I actually am a former AIU student Dropped out before classes started plus my admissions advisor was rude to me Trevor Bash 740-297-8050 tbash.school@outlook.com Sorry if this is unprofessional to say but I really don't want LaToya Friday (Rice) as my admissions rep No problem I'm just doing everything I can to keep from getting paired up with her again After 4:00 Eastern tomorrow hang on thanks And my apologies for talking badly about LaToya you too
 Hello Paul I have some questions about transferring my mos to college credits No it’s gonna be a whole till I can enroll because I jsut joined the marine corps I’m just trying to plan for the future and I’m wondering how many credits my mos will give me Michael Pry mikeypry58@gmail.com 724-757-4002 No one I’m with there all a bunch of 31 Asvabs
 Atlanta Campus I wanted to know about employment rates after graduation...
 Hi Paul. I used to be a student at AIU and I'm thinking of going back.
 All
 Hello I am an online student I have a question What if I have failed Do I have to pay the tuition Yeah I did How much do I have to pay then Yea I am I have seen the link. I am applying for scholarship Am I not 100% tuition free? What do you suggest then For international students like me Who is willing to take a scholarship grant Can I you tell me what are the options then I think there is no advisor to attend my concern Ok and what would I click from the suggested link I dont understand
 Hello Paul I am trying to connect my Iphone to my faculty email and it wont verify the exchange account on my end Ok thank you very much Paul will do. Have a nice day
 Hello.
 Hello is there an on campus mba option n for atlanta Okay great and no I have o Not Tyler Frazier 678-763-0060 tylerfrazier94@yahoo.com
 HI there. How can I find my username and password to log in? I used to be a student many years ago. I want to access my class list and credits I don't think I have that email any more. I'll call. Thank you! I don't.
 Atlanta How many days a week are there classes? No I plan on visiting soon tho
 Hey there. Hey there. Hey there. I went a tried to reset my PSWd and login info and it only allowed me to reset my PSWD and so I’m not sure what my username is. My PSWD is reset and allowed me to login but like I said not sure of the login username
 Im a old student Im trying to get a debt clear up so I can get my a copy of my degree and my transcprit  Alesha Green Student In 22810838 dob 01/27/1981 536 Hardaway Hwy Chattahoochee Florida 32324 ok thank you
 I want to join the police academy Not yet when can i find one at 92.1 Keiyon jones keiyonjones9452 (267)_(639)_(6526)
 I was trying to re-enroll Ewandra Hardy donyell3082@gmail.com2057207885 My phone is off can you just email me the information 2055162718
 Hi I got my associate degree around 2012 and I'm looking into getting my bachelor's degree. Can you tell me how many credits I would need to do that. Katelyn Bedard  email is katelyn0713@yahoo.com  #8022498653 Ok
 wil the grant i receiver for the online courses pay for the class or is that just a starter
 Hi I am an MBA graduate class of 2007 Weston campus just wandering if the closure of the campus effects my degree Ok thanks
 Hey I was pose to return to AIU the last start date but I was already pushing for time to get everything submitted a week before the term started but the finical aid is what held me up now that I have the correct doc. is it to late to try to re-turn ? areona reynolds reynoldsareona@gmail.com 229-375-2280 yes 12:00 pm as of now only me ok
 hi I am trying to login Erika Miller 1reremiller@gmail.com 817-600-0838
 I am a an alum and would like to request s copy of my transcript
 hello who certifies this college?    Middle states or  American council onf business what about school of criminal justice thank you why 180 rcredits? a normal BS or BA 120 -122 credits. thank you is their job training and job placement here and where do your graduate work for?
 What the address
 I need help I forgot my password my online At AIU online Ok 2489042504
 I can't get back to the test I was taking The practice test on like intel Corey coreythomes3200@gmail.com 720 709 8264 I just figured it out. Thank you No thanks No one yet
 Hi. I just got the email with my email confirmation...I was wanting to terminate my application please It’s Whitney Griffin 334-343-7447 and the email address is whitneyagriff87@gmail.com Yes Right Ok So it will not charge me? Ok thank you
 do you offer tuition reimbursement from my work. they do not pay until after the class is completed tiaa bank/everbank i would like to first find out if you allow this type of payment
 How do I get a duplicate of my diploma I graduated from AIU in 2010 thank you
 Chicago IL Hi Robin im need to inquire about how to retrieve my official transcripts and having them mailed to a certain institution. Thank you!
 Online Bachelor in business mangement Kelly mckenna 7152128095 cjmaddie31@gmail.com
 hi i wanted to know more about the BBA online courses India Bachelor of commerce racquel Dcunha Contact No : 9765590905 racivan.rh@gmail.com Around 14:00 hrs India Time
 Trying to logged back on my application Ok Ok will you please put me on my application Piccola Walker e-mail piccolaw53@gmail.com. 7065261970 Yes
 Hello Paul I wanted to find out if AIU takes The GI Bill as payment for tuition costs? My husband is a veteran and wants to transfer his GI bill to me to use for school Thank you Paul. The Bachelor of science IT Not yet. Checking my options first Thank you again Have a great day Paul Not yet but I will soon thank you again
 Hello I was previously enrolled in the university and wanted to re enroll for the classes starting on the 4th How would i be able to do so? Thank you Paige Hunt 862-400-1009 precisehomecleaningservicesllc@gmail.com I just updated the phone number and email through the student portal. Ok thanks
 hi actually im looking for the course of taxation accounting in this university no actually this information is not for me....i should ask from my friend and be sure thankyou ok thanks a lot
 Hello I have my username but having trouble with my security question Madeka Elder madekareshay@gmail.com 2512645046 Thank you I am I've been talking to Michaelangelo and faxed in the paperwork Thanks You're welcome
 I am still exploring. How can I pay for your school? I cannot take out hu'mungous  loans. I am just getting into the work force. Stephen Pastore 9199183879 I should not give out my email address. I work all day tomorrow. Friday I do not know when. That is all.
 Hello. How can I add my Fafsa that was once here? I am at work so I can not chat long. Thank you I can just go to fafsa.com I have an ID already what is the website please? thank you Thank you. Have a great day!
 I HAVE tried 3 times to apply but keep getting an error 9999999 6034750962 Joel Saren joel@jsaren.com
 Hi thank you so much for having me as a student I just want to let you know its been a very long time since I have been in school so I would like to know if I can have extra English and math classes Its Shirley Huggins my email is shirleyhuggins1967@gmail.com and my number is 803-347-2713 its very late here can you contact me in the morning I really hope I can start on July 4th i also have to get my financial aide too In the morning about 10am will be ok? Thank you so much you too have a bless night
 hi Kim I am interested in Information Technology (MSIT): Specialization in Information Assurance and Security wanted to check if it comes under STEM course Chandra Prakash 732--277-7743 cprakash@outlook.com ok
 I am trying to find the Culinary school in Cambridge Ma I was trying to find Le Cordon Bleu in Cambridge ma. Their web site led me yo you. i do live in Ma Thank You
 I cant seem to click the check box for the application I am putting in Thank you appreciate it Francisco Adame 316-618-4268 pancholoco506@gmail.com Sounds good appreciate it
 no thanks. I am already a student. this was accidental. Have a wonderful evening Veronica.
 I'm an alumni and just received my Associates Degree in Business Management. I wanted to get a few suggestions on what should i get my Bachelor's in. Terry Durham 770-895-8706 tdurham407@gmail.com
 are you are real person *a
 already an online student I'm just trying to find a catalog to look at my degree program and the cost total cost.
 0nline i am already a student i need some help finding out where i am suppose to be i know i am looking for the discussion board to find out which one i need to do
 hello I am currently finishing up my bachelors degree but will not be done until august I noticed classes start in July for a masters program am I able to start without being done?? okay I actually just noticed that there are later start dates which is awesome advisor in my current school? okay awesome could you tell me a little about the difference between a MBA in health management and a Masters in health management Hello again does the enrollment agreement represent a contract? Like if I agree to this am I obligated to go to the school if accepted? I just want to apply without having to sign a contract Oh wow thats scary Am I going to be accepted without the degree being finished? Oh wow thats scary I don't want to make a rash decision right now my advisor at my current school? I don't think they know anything about this school okay I will work on it
 hello I have a frind interested in attending your school her name is Jennifer Lowery cmccaskill54@gmail.com 9102413033 Jennifer Lowery/cmccaskill542gmail.com cmccaskill54@gmail.com Jennifer Lowey Jennifer Lowery cmccaskill54@gmail.com
 Good Morning I was wondering if there was an email for admissions to contact addmissions. I had already talked to one I just need an email to send some information
 Online Hey Patrick I got a problem with my July 4 Application Sirrendrick Smith Jr vpmsirrendricksmith2@gmail.com 6189602328 Hello I did but when we trying to e sign the application it won’t let me Ok
 Hi may i have the school code im a new stdent my social is 563615303 dontt have my student number on me Kennet Campbell tyes have a nice day again thank you
 I did the va check sheet but it won’t let me continue Yes Clerphonia Olibrun 3057730931 cgaleano1995@gmail.com Ok. I’m not sure who would be interested
 CALL ME AUSTIN ADAMS 616-259-4617
 I am interested in attending AIU.  I would like to know what the turn around is on financial aid?  I do realize July 4th might not be a realist time to start. I also would like to confirm you do offer a degree in Forensic Science Betty P Scott bpscott0918@hotmail.com 252-230-7456.  I work different hours so it is best to text or email me. now is fine
 Hi I was just chatting with one of your colleague I work with Humana MSIT online I did my Electrical and Electronics Engineering from India My citizenship is from India Ok thank you for Info This is my First Masters do I need to give IELTS or TOEFL I have 14 + Years of IT experience which includes 8 + Years of experience US. Do I need to give IELTS or TOEFL ? Phanideep Karnati 502-775-9375 kphanideep217@gmail.com I am on call in office 5.30 pm EST They can call me now I am available calling ? Thank you !
 Online I was in the middle of adding my college information Bachelor's Healthcare/ Medical Assistant A little bit. Andrea Miles Stewart (443)653-7730 andreamiles740@gmail.com Sometimes when I am filling in the information that some boxes freeze. And I have to start over. No. I think someone called me but I was on another call. No one at the moment.
 Thank you So are you from admissions or ?
 I already apply to air as a return student but they can not find my application can you help me My name is Evelyn Bennett and my e-mail is bennettevelyn1234@gmail .com my phone number is 470-295-0136
 Yes hi I wanna be educated
 Hello Arica I was talking to i think her name was Veronica last night i asked her about using my grant Money toward cost of living so I could concentrate on my studies No it was late Chad Carter email is Ori lths at gmail.com and phone number is 385 445-5605 Oilths@gmail.com sorry Okay thank you very much
 Hello Hi Paul I just talked to Kim and she helped me rest my password and I still can't get in Madeka Elder madekareshay@gmail.com 2512645046 Ok Yes No one as of nowmy mom graduated from there
 I received my Bachelors in Business Administration. I wanted to lean towards a degree in Social work if you have the program. My name is Andrea Lewis it was formerly Mitchell what is your education curriculm oops spelled that wrong Since I have a Bachelors in Business would it be hard for me to obtain a Masters in a different field? I'm at work and don't have an access to the phone at the moment. I work in a juvenile institution ok 6pm
 Hello Arica I am already a student with AIU....I cannot log in the Online site. I keep getting an error message Yes...Shanette mslawson124@yahoo.com 302-229-5359 Thank you so much
 hello i am trying to get the email to download transcipts you still here online k how do i get on the main screen so i can finish the financial aid upload
 Can I just take the test pass and you award the degree? Criminal Justice
 Yes Houston Tx My Name.Robyn
 I want to send my transcript over what department should i lidt I have a meeting thursday with someone Yes I was doing the tranfer online thank you
 One close to me On line campus Business management Danny MCcadney @gmail Com. 682 719 1665 Thanks love
 Hello Kristie On Line Ok Thank YOU 12 in Houston Texas 77015-2450 Cell 713-826-1241or text Me I'm unemployed ! Yes gcalrut@gmail.com George Calvin Rutledge <gcalrut@gmail.com> Yes I have talked to an advisor ! No but Thank YOU ! Holding for Jenee
 Hi Paul I was wondering do u guys offer cna certification there How long is the course? I'm not looking to go that long thank u anyways
 I need to see if I'm enrolled yet Alabama Natalie L. Chester  my e-mail is nataliesaxon22@gmail.com My phone number is (334)777-4912
 I forgot password ididnt know i was registered christine velasquez ctinyv@gmail.com 575-693-0563
 Yez I'm done filling out the application Brea Harris5@gmail.com
 online
 H Robin Yea Houston Are u a girl Yea Idk Call me Go to the campus Call me 3 Yeap
 hello! I am looking to financial support to my masters study thank you. I not currently student but I complete university study so I look for financial support to attend masters yes is bachelor's degree from University of Rwanda College of Science and Technology No but I check if so no I do not have any one welcome thank you. God bless you.
 Hi
 Atlanta Do u charge extra for out of state tuition I’m a Florida resident
 do you have a list of the employers that you do grants through? nevermind
 Hi
 hello and I would like to know your tuition costs for the Masters of Education/Leadership program? I am fine. I am interested in your online program I am in chat now. Couldn't you answer the question while I am here.
 Thanks
 i was just doing my interview via chat and it turned off im back sorry for the inconvience im Kathy Jackson thank you to answer your previous question before technical difficulties...I would like to enter data at hospitals yes You"re welcome. yes mam no mam no questions Ok yes mam im intrested ok sounds great yes mam ok ok I finised my financial aid and added the school code 2017-2018 ok ok yes mam no mam  no questions ok ok ok yes mam You're welcome ok thank you ok ok no mam I dont think I completed admissions yes mam do  click that i forgot my password i have my username yes mam i think ok thanks because i dont remember the security questions ok thank you THank you for all your help I hope you have a wonderful work day
 I am trying to figure out if you all give credits for completing kentucky police academy I have about 30+ credits from another college I am a veteran does that matter?
 Hello online Bachelor of Science in Information Technology I have completed the online Application For since many days ago but I am yet to be contacted about the status dazy4many@gmail.com sorry....here is my email. that was friends I refered realaurel@zoho.com Ifeanyi.Ugwu1 National Diploma in Statistics....but I am currently a Refugee in Hong Kong meaning I don't have the diploma Certificate with me to present But I have my Secondary School Certificates Yes it was outside the US Nigeria Thanks I think I have read through these information you just posted before now I would like to know whether a non-US Person is eligible to apply for scholarship at your University? +85256178331 now it's just 12:05pm.....same time on Monday it ok Yes I ok if 08:30pm Ok I am looking forward Noted! Thank you abundantly. Do have great weekend
 I have a question about the tuition it says the total tuition is 58500 is that per semester or year or is that for the entire 4 years it will take me to get my diploma no some college can you just answer my question so its 58500 for the whole four year time span
 Hi I am searching for masters field can you plz help me in choosing my field in masters? I have done my civil engineering Now I am thinking for masters programe Sir Which field will be good for me in yours opinion? As in my mind am thinking for project management or for construction mangement but till i am confused that what to be chosen and what will be better for me Yes I have done my bachelors from Pak now i am thinking for any foreign universities Plz Sir gives me some good advices that what i can do now? Sir from till now i have done nothing for the upcoming situation I have no idea about any thing thanks alot Respected Sir Can plz Sir U can give me your gmail i.d so i will take advises from you or any other account are any further information from U
 hi I will graduate next year with a psychology degree but i am very concerned because I have only acquired soft skills no hard skills whatsoever and it really is stressing me out
 hello business . i was interested in your business admin program. i was going to apply but it says i already but i dont recall applying before
 Hello! I noticed that there are classes which start July 4th. I would like to return to AIU. Is it possible? Online Yes Joschel Piquion Joschel.Piquion@yahoo.com 7865711194 Yes I am here I can't pick up because I am at work. Is it possible for someone to call me after 5 PM EST? That is all. Thank you! Thank you. I wish you the same!
 Hello? Hi there. Does AIU accept the Post 911 GI Bill? An online Bachelors in Business Administration Tom Raiford (757) 777-8846 craiford3@yahoo.com I am actually in the process of moving. I will be living in either Maryland or Virginia next month. welcome ok I can't guarantee that I will be available at 10:00 but I will do my best. How about 11:30? thank you
 Sorry I got disconnected from the call and didn't get a return call yet Hello? If i have a direct number or an extention yes ok yesthank you
 Hey im wanting to go back to school and i need a grant help Not a campuss i want to do it online
 Aiu online. I'm a. Alum who has a MIT and I'm interested in refreshing my experience Some refresher courses. I understand that I could
 Hey Patrick. I’m interested to study AIU. I’m INTERNATIONAL STUDENT I graduated Bachelor degrees from Thailand I finished studying English programs Level 7 from LSI
 Hi Liane I am looking for the SAP Appeak form. Where on the website can I find thata? That* SAP Appeal* Chelsea Brandon chelsea.brandon3@gmail.com Thank you!! I found it thanks for your help!!
 hi i am an international student. I want to know if i apply today am i going to be in fall batch 2018? Houston probably august 1 high school. i have graduated this june so 12 grade yeah bachelor in buisness okay thanks :) should i go or wait here?
 How do I get  enrolled online and get the check for funds to pay Marketing advertising
 I don't know how to enter text. Sorry! I also am ignorant on how to text.
 HELLO HOW ARE YOU DOING IAM TRADING TO TO GET MY HIGH DILOGMA  AND COLLEGETOO
 technical support thank you
 yes i was trying to see if i can be re-enrolled in my classes. Alisha Toliver alisha.toliver@yahoo.com 318-331-7620 that'll be great not at the present moment
 Hey I'm hanging trouble with the signature part Tanesha Steele Neshasteele@mail.com 3853361266 No I don't have that phone right now In the next hour or 2
 I heard that you guys closed in Orlando but google says you guys are still in Orlando too which one is true so you guys don't have a campus in Florida correct? ok thank you
 I am deaf and how do i go about getting a waivers tution with disabilities No mam Kimberly Wilkins moraveckimberly@yahoo.com 9038215468 Thank you very much Anytime Criminal Thank you
 Hello how are you I have completed my FAFSA application what is next Do I wait Yes Lenoria Wiggins email is babydollbrooks0@yahoo.com 3469004843 Ok Ok Hello Oh ok u sent he's information thank u Ok Maybe one of my friends would be interested Her name is Mary Culpepper He number is 7066629011 I don't have her email Welcome
 Is there 1in w Va Looks like I will have to use the online campus Computer and information hah early training on card systems Good would a phone be easier Yes robert williams  540-533-6716 fixerb462@gmail.com OK go ahead
 Med tech Yes had already started my name is Raymond Adkins pH didn't get topped up can you help some way Yes Raymond Adkins rommelhelp33@gmail.com  Ironton ohio. 1509S4th str   7404140784 Oh zip is 45638 Your welcome Ok Ok Try 304-840-4118 Where do my phs out of service Oh just remembered there's a house pH try that
 tech support online
 hi i'm asking about the IL Campus yeah i have a question about the challenge exam is a PR equivalent to a B grade? can i give them a call? i'm not interested in any programs i just want imnfo thanks!
 Good evening.  I am interested in taking an Intro to Biology Course Okay Thank you
 I just finished applying for online classes and I was wondering when I have to have the copies of my high school diploma and transcript uploaded No I haven’t yet
 I'm thinking about going back to school one of my friends takes classes online from this college. Either Criminal Justice are Health Great Shirnell Dickerson 936-346-7202  shirnell7@hotmail.com
 Hello. I enrolled yesterday but have decided the timing is not right for me after all and would like to withdraw before my first class Ok thank you
 I am interested in NBA online program Mba Before that what is the tuition cost And what type of accredtatiob do you have Sosrry for misspelling I am typing from from my phine Ok thanks
 hello I was wondering when will your next session of online classes start? ok thank you so much!
 hello my nane is rebecca will there be an opportunity for the full scholarship olease what opportunity have prepared fof people in the third world countries like uganda may i know that person please adimission advisor since ican not pay for my education due to lack of funds can't you conecct me to any other university and i study ok thank you for your time please
 You were trying to type something Thanks You were trying to type something can you come again On on our previous conversation Arica are you there? I wanted to apply for a scholarship to to my master's program In Animal biotechnology Okay then . Hoping to hear from him/her I don't know anyone But is this whole thing an online tuition
 Hi Paul Would you be able to help me obtain an email address for a staff member in the Re-entry Dept? I have submitted a request for an appeal and got a phone call from Vetta but can't call from work. I thought maybe I could track down an email address. Not until after she'll leave the office That's why I thought emailing her might be better
 I am trying to find a way to get my GED. I am in this program called project transtions. I was supposed to get my diploma in May of this year so pat month. It made me mad because they didn’t help me
 i for gat my password
 No sir Looking for information on culinary I live in Chicago Saul Garcia 7082702088  Saulgarcia9900@gmail.com
 the last time i took a sat was 7 years ago do i have to retake the test online or act? ok thank you business administration online
 Hello Kristie.  How are you? I am inquiring about online classes. I have an AAS through the Community College of the Air Force.  I have about a year and a half of language training at some colleges in South Korea as well. Not anymore.  I separated in 2015. I'm looking at the BSIT however honestly I am not dead set on it. That would be excellent. Sure. Richard Mott mmmbacon@hushmail.com 404-543-2937 Do you have any idea when I can expect contact? I currently live in South Korea Yes it is.  That would be great thanks. Haha sorry.  I barely even speak with any Americans nowadays. Ok. hahaha And yet telemarketers get through all the time Is there perhaps a number I can call? Excellent!  I'll give it a call right now then. Have a great day Kristie!
 Hello.  I'm looking to take some classes close to my home and I came across this school. Is this an online class or campus class?  I live in Schaumburg IL if that helps a little Yes online would be great for me How much is the cost? Business administration Accounting No I graduated in june 2011.    I graduated with William fred high school located in Palatine IL I took some college classes before but I withdraw since I was working too much and had family issues.  Now I want to go back to school My name is Crystal. Email: asianlove279@gmail.com Cell. 6306568656
 what are the transfer deadlines for students for fall 2018 and spring 2019 and summer 2019 for transfer students what are the application deadlines not me I was just wanting to provide transfer deadlines for community college students that's what i am doing i am asking you what are the deadlines for community college students to submit a transfer application to your university you weren't much help but thank you anyways
 Hello there. I am Chrisnet Fertilus. I from Haïti and I live in Haiti. I would like to know how i can become a student of AIU Computer Science I done high school. I don't live in USA  I live Haïti. and is where I completed high school. so I wish to study online. Haiti  I am haitian No I am not american. I am sad to hear that Thank you for assisted . God bless you
 Online high school completion Do you offer that program? Okay I was looking for a high school completion course so thanks anyways and have a nice da 👍
 Speak to Audrey Evans Michael chad littlejohn.8642193047 mlittlejohn2018@gmail.com
 tuition rates for 2 masters programs that you all offer Healthcare administration and the MBA in Healthcare management Well I am located in Georgia so I am looking for in state out of state and online. I am doing price comparison so you all dont hav4e a MBA with Healthcare management as one program? ok so for Health care administration how much is it per credit hour thank you so much that is exactly what i am looking for do you all offer military discounts?
 Hello. How do I go about getting a copy of my transcript?  I graducated May of 2006 no thank you very much ok thanks
 I need to request a transcript Hello
 online undecided I see the next start date is july 4th. Is there another date later than that? ok so would I just apply here online?
 Hi Robin. I hope you are having a great evening. I am inquiring about the Atlanta campus. I have a grant that I want to use. No I want to go online. Sure. Allen Clark allenclark251@gmail.com 770-883-2784.
 I'm an alumus with a Masters in IT. I was wondering if there is a way to take refresher courses online? how does that work? Rob Arnett graduated in 2002 with a Masters in Information Technology. E-mail is rarnett04@gmail.com Thank you. I look forward to their e-mail.
 Hello The online I was recently enrolled but I had to unenroll from school due to unforeseen circumstances. I was kicked out of the place I was living and lost my computer and then had no way to get online to do my classes kittlong16@gmail.com On Tuesday I will be able to get another computer so I'll have the ability to get my school work accomplished okay I received an email this morning stating that I needed to contact I don't remember who it was but I just click the link in the email and then I was connected to you Yes I certainly do Is she available That'll work Anytime after 9 hope the circumstances that interrupted your education were only temporary and that you remain dedicated to your educational goals. As a National Admissions Consultant with AIU Online I am eager to speak with you and discuss your options for completing your degree. That is what it said in the email Terry Sheridan I can reply to her email if that works for you? Either or Ok that works for me. Thank you so very much for your help and support Have a great weekend Yes please let her know Goodbye
 Hi What corporations qualify for grants I work at Walmart Not yet im trying to enroll Joshua David Heilman joshheilman2@hotmail.com 4023039946 Ok
 wanting to know what the total cost of tuition is for the Audio and Sound Recording Certificate is? And also the classes Leon Mckinnon 573-721-4665 dmanll@yahoo.com ok
 Vn mg my 8nnmm you MB nm8mn JB BNN j bc mm9kjbbbb km nvbj nm jh mmk 0 JB nn i8 9 I'm k bb no I'm not nn m I'm mim hmm NM JB BNN mmv km mm mk j nn NM up NM 98th i8 bj NM poo b njNN8JKM7N 9jjn need m nn hnnnhmn9 g h.nn but nn -hbh5 45 byj ok hnnn it mk mk jjmb bother 9jjkv hnnn Koh go ibbbgn hnnnhmn9 uh yeah no JJ hbj5 hubby hnkjbn it n9bn8ihu UI k9kmk loop NM mmnu mmk g love h MB 6 8i vh9nk JJ NJ njbNM NM no BNN mnot i8 nummnmmkmmn8y to know mmk NM no cbb mom b nn n9knb just need bb nn mm
 where can i find the application to apply for the aiu success grant yes so do i have to call the financial aid office to apply for any grants
 how do i sign up for online school bachelors shaquiver thomas shaquiverthomas04@gmail.com no available phone number at this time not really i dont have an available phone number yes maam can you leave a phone number tommorrow evening (662)-590-6705 can i give him a call now thanks! byee!!
 Hello. I was just looking for a tuition page? Online Campus. Associates in Criminal Justice. Okay thank you.
 Hi Kristie I just wanted to check your website for faculty openings Thank you!
 I want to inquire about online classes and do you accept transferred credits from another university and do you provide labtop? ok thanks for your time. I will get back in touch at a later time.
 Hi I would like to start online classes Computer science I am an high school graduate No Jessie Taylor 9373618721 Taylorjessie490@gmail.com Ok 12:00 12:00 pm
 Hi I am going to inquire about online campuses Is there any type of charges for online campuses? Tell me! Will I could be able to have a degree??? Thank you Clara
 How many credits would I have gained for being in the Army?
 I was having a hard time locating my AIU email and I was wondering how to find it ? Atlanta
 Hello Paul I am a grad of AIU Atlanta i am trying to get my unoffical transcripts
 Enter text here manja eric
 Hi I came to enroll in online classes Anything to do with art How is the health care management Kimberly jacobs my email is Kimberly1999jacobs@gmail.com and my phone number is 3363274812 I'm finishing my online application
 hello my name is mary baca and i was aquiring information on my classes and syllabus plus i nee help with my fafsa marybaca430@gmail.com.....5015470210
 can i just get a call 4043455070
 Good afternoon. I am looking at the 12 month MBA program. Looking at the courses there appears to be prereqs that would make it take longer than the 12 months and increase the cost.  Is that correct? I have a BA from DePaul University in Chicago IL.  Nothing outside of the US> MGT600 says Prereq of MGT502 is that correct? Robert Ranzau rranzau@gmail.com 502 552-5562 ok no one. ok
 One of our employees has requested tuition reimbursement for one of your online courses - AABA AC16. Can you tell me the name of this course or area of study? Thanks!
 are your credits transferable yes from tech. college business mgt. Ron Vinson rreddman@aol.com 803 261-5787 after 1 pm
 Online When does your fall session begin/ Criminal Justice Do you have classes starting in August?
 im not sure yet i would like to do it online i have completed up to high school in Belize Belize i am 17 years old yes i have Bachelors Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice specialization in forensic science My name in Amber Rayven Hyde My name is Amber Rayven Hyde amberrayvenhyde@gmail.com phone number I do not have a phone but my mom's phone number is 5016623392 yes i am ok thank you Punta Gorda Toledo Belize CA Yes Mam
 good evening. I would like to enter school forensic science Sure my name is LOUGINIA Glasper  giniaglasper98@gmail.com225-413-8984 Actually its a BA in Business. I was withdrawn for my lack of effort toward school Yes I was unable to logged in? I'm missing a few assignments I called to and left a message. just waiting on her phone call Okk I will try them now and Thank you for the help
 Hi I am having trouble connecting to the course home error Thank you
 I am unable to log in.... AIU Online An encrypted error message keeps popping up Roderick Vineyard 501-307-9782 would you like my personal email or school films@medleyislandstudios.org thank you...
 Hi I am a math teacher do u have jobs for math teachers thanx
 One close to Tulsa Oklahoma Yes What is a great deal for my own business Ok Leslie Davis davis52les@gmail.com 5802784031 tomorrow would be good Send me an email explaining these courses so I can figure out what I really want 1:00pm
 Yes I ave a copy of my G.E.D. to send to Mrs.Jackie is there a way I can send there a link to send it to her yes
 How can i get a transcript from when I was a student at AIU apparently my school is no longer in existance I went to AIu Buckhead in Atlanta thx but my school isnt on the list here ok thx
 online
 I am needing a fax number please verification of school enrollment and financial aid payments awesome thank you
 oh i'm sorry i"m here Do you know the withdrawal dates for full refund and partial refund for January classes (Spring Semester) for the year 2008.  lol.  odd request ok I'll call student accounts I am alumni.  thank you!
 Im looking to be my ged online Any idea what wesite does? Ok
 I am actually trying to contact your HR department regarding employment. thank you so much Kim. Have a great rest of the day
 It will not allow me to change my start date Thank you My name is Shantele Peters my email is Shantelemarie1986@outlook.com Today I just got off the phone with an adviser
 hello trying to see how aiu will be able to get my trancipts natalie hardwick aminajohnson430@yahoo.com 5019600711 no whats the email friday k k thanks
 to there I was just wondering if international students could apply and if an American student who lives out of the state's have any advantage I wanted to take the online Bs I graduated from an  international American curriculum school in jeddah Saudi Arabia. both America jadhnaaman@gmail.com name:jad naaman number: 00966567115000 morning or evening thank you
 Hi Kristen. I have an associate degree in math and science i am now enrolled in a nursing program I graduated in 2012 but took classes after .after hiw long do my credits expire No Is it a set time universally or it varies Ok thank you
 You guys don’t have laptops that financial aid would pay for at the school
 I am in the Bachalor of Accounting I apologize The Bachalor Of Business Accounting.  I can't get the Mircosoft edge on. I may be able to find full names & phone numbers but they may not have email addresses. If they do I'll tell them to look into it. No can I have your address for later?
 the one in atlanta do you guys have dorms?
 yes do you have associate degree for chefs thank you
 Online I'm interested instarting asap but have a few questions Healthcare Adm My main issues are money for tuition and also having enough to help pay other expenses while studying Doing today. Was told not to until I knw which school Yes He and i were supposed to talk again... Lrt me look for his name OK. Sharon Owens sko5plv@gmail.com OK sure. 850-339-3990 can they wait until 5:30? Great! Thanks. Yes Thanks again! 👍 U too
 Online Finishing my BS in criminal justice there. I have 59 credits to go and then do my masters or if accepted do my PhD in business No Ruby Engram 334-728-9551 Eagleruby878@gmail.com OK but I need to get a new email account. I will talk to one of my cousins to see if he is interested. He could benefit Yes
 how much is tuition at AIU?
 I'm having issues logging in.  I'm answering the questions right but it says the answers are wrong. I think my advisor may have started my account for me I don't know.  I can give you my email. marybaca430@gmail.com thanks
 I was wondering if I can go to delta college yes yes i have a high school diploma yes i was wondering what kind of gpa i have to have to go to central michigan what kind of gpa i have to have to go to American intercontinental university why
 Well hello My name is Lora Yes I am Well the one on line loramerida9@gmail.com  my name is Lora Merida  8599190126
 going to college while being in the army international relationship and politics science I'm still a student in high school though yes I know I was just trying to get more info about it thx
 I'm responding to a tat msg that I just received Tasha Blair and tashablair09@gmail.com I 4703329297
 Where yall college located I'll do it online Barber Tamara.  Tamarasandifer9@gmail.com    601- 697- 7991
 hello i'm trying to get my trascript transcripts no transferring to another school i did go through the link but i had to pay my balance on my account i paid it but my transcripts still have a hold thank you
 HI I need a full scholarship to study information technology ok thanks other than studying online
 I would like to enroll According Business administration Ged No I went to night school Yolanda young  cheekieblakk46@yahoo.com  337-983-6060 Don't have noons off hand
 online re-entry
 Hi Patrick I am an alumni. I forgot my login info. It has been awhile. How do I get it? thx
 How does the school work Can I get a visor to call me Jasmine Watson (203)317-8802 Email address is jazz 2016 Watson@gmail.com I think I have already spoke to you guys but I’m not sure
 Im  a new student.  I have previous credit for another college would they transfer no I am wanting to apply It says I already have an account but I don't recall setting one up Shannon Jewell 224-258-7004 shannonjwll@gmail.com sure thing thank you I found y user name. shannon.jewell7
 what is the school code yes i am im already enrolled i just need to know the schools code to fill out thr fafsa online thank you
 I was a former online student with you I would like to finish my degree  how do I go about doing that? Alisha Zamora asmithmba@gmail.com 831-245-7462 Thank you Online No different phone number and possibly my maiden name Smith I have no idea I could have had Yahoo or even excite It was watsonville California.  I believe 912 Salinas rd. Unless I registered when we lived on Las lomas drive Sorry we've moved quite a bit Years Okay thank you
 Hello Online What do y’all have I want respiratory therapy Or social worker Criminal justice Yes Lisa jones 6012594337 ljones7113@yahoo.com
 Hi Am Amandeep Kaur U can call me Aman I wana take classes for high school
 Hi Paul I forgot my login how can i get it back?  I need to know if I took certain classes for my brokers license Ok cool thanks I have not benefit so I wouldn't recommend anyone Have you looked at the Market?  Salaries are low while the cost of living keeps rising It's all good lets talk about this College is selling a pipe dream.  Nothing says you are guaranteed even $75K a year after speding $25K plus in loans.  Its stupid to in debt yourself with no guarantee you will even get a job to pay it back Hello you there? There is no way you can give me a list of the classes I took?
 i want to ask if business mangement  major in marketing a good course
 Aiu online i already applied Robert mckenzie mckenzierobert28@gmail.com 2192922538 No my phone is on but it is broken and i cant hear anyone on it No No there isnt thats the only reason im doing it like this The number i gave you. But my phone was dropped in water and i cant hear on it I dont have any family that lives by me.  And the area that i stay in is kindof bad i dont want to ask the neighbors to use their phone Yes but im not gpi Im not going to be able to hear the advisor
 hey online programs i'm from egypt how does it work? i graduated from technical school yes in egypt.. i live in egypt
 I am looking to be a mental health therapist. is this something i can get with your class choices? Would i be ablke to be a therapist with a degree in healthcare management?
 Online Business administration G.e.d.
 I am a kenyan  who wants to know the cost of associate degree and its time frame through online studies .Thanks Thank you for your time.That was indeed very helpful. Thank you
 What is username My name is Elvia  Guallpa...     elvigualpa18@gmail.com  and phone  is 9736094718 Okay thank you I'm trying thank you
 I want to check the status of my SAP I want to check the status of my sap I submitted
 Hi Hi I am from Humana I am looking for Masters admission Online Bachelors in Electrical and Electronics Engineering From India Do I need to Give IELTS or TOFEL MSIT India
 Hello I was just wondering who is the university accredited by? I'm interested in online classes Bsn in healthcare mgmt Technical school
 hello we were disconnected can i get a transcript from the school to go to my college that I selected to continue my education i don't remember the year i enrolled. i thibk it was between the year of 2000 - 2001 thank you i will email them tomorrow hello?
 How can I go back to school
 I want to know if you have any certified courses for Certified Nurse Assistant ?? CNA ok thanks
 I complete my FAFSA ID I want to start early
 I would like to apply for admission. Reginald Lee (662) 400 1698 reginaldobrienlee@gmail.com okay. I would like to go for a master's degree in project management That would be great! Mr Roger Short I can get it to you later.
 Hello How to become a system engineer can you help me out network engineer okay Thank you
 I can't get pass the VA shopping sheet I am trying to fill out my application shannon jewell shannonjwll@gmail.com 2242587004 thank you okay
 when are we on break ? summer break ?
 How hard is it to switch degree plans? I was a student and had to quite for personal reasons. I finished my associates business and then started on my IT Bach when I stopped Okay thank you
 Can I talk to you live? Dawn Barr 253 317 9741 You should have all of this
 Hello I am supposed to speak with an advisor today At 11 Faith Akosile. faithakosile@yahoo.com. 4049342969 Okay but I made an appointment this morning And I need to speak with an advisor now
 Hello I am a former AIU student and was inquiring on whether or not I can speak with someone in admissions via chat? online
 Hi I just started classes with y’all and I’m unable to login
 Trying to access virtual campus question was my mother's maiden name and it's incorrect according to you login No just enrolled June 13th Yes wrong answer online login mother's maiden name is Rivera it says it's incorrect Alexander Viola alexvio1954@gmail.com 2094307265 Thank you Arica
 It won't let me check the box Chris nelson 6367751628 nelsonchris019@gmail.com I'm in the student disclosure part of the application it's not letting me check the box
 Hey. I don't have a SSN. So what should I do?
 Hello I been trying to get ahold of Ms crystal Turner..I went back to sleep when we were supposed to reconnect..but I finished my application on Time before the deadline am I still eligible for enrollment Online campus Shabrica Williams number is 912-988-8327 dynasty702627@gmail.com Thanks so much for your help
 Hello how are am having trouble with my password are username babydollbrooks0@yahoo.com 3469004843 Ok Ok Thank you
 hey how are you do you guys have a high school program where i could get my diploma
 Is it basically $4000 per 12 credits? BS Business Admin No I will be paying out of pocket No thank you.  Simple question.
 Hello my name is melvin walker this  is the first time me applying to go back to school Im 66 years old and I just want some Computers Classes No I do not want a dagree I like computers and I think I need too start with 101 ok Thank you No I do not
 Yes but you guys do not offer it I went here awhile ago and need copies of my transcript That link does not stay loaded Ok thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!
 Hello I am a former student and trying to figure out how to get a copy of my degree it does not need to be official just a copy for my job Im not sure I don't even remember my log on it has been so long can they fax an actual copy of the degree? or email ok thank you I would like to complete my masters had started at another school but did not complete just not sure I can financially do it I would like to if I could make it happen I had almost completed my masters was only 2 classes away and got sick and had to quit I was doing my masters in criminal justice same would like to complete it Is there any other Masters that the classes for the criminal justice might transfer into? Psychology maybe? Is there anything on the masters level similar to criminal justice that my classes would count towards? ok I will check into it thank you I am on site now will review offerings and reach  out to them and financial aid thank you for your asistance
 hi i am currently qwithdrawn but need o log in to view ny financial aide disbursements because of identity theft can u rell me my login or reset my password sharon marie thompson 5411 se ebbtide avenue stuartfl 34497 i now reside at 170 se 3rd street deerfield beachfl 33441 9547082243 9545158902 my new cell is 5615585623
 Online BBA K Natalie Hardwick 5019600711 aminajohnson430@yahoo.com
 Hi Paul what school year is the July 4 start date? No I'm thinking about starting and was doing my FAFSA and needed to know which one to click on. 2017-2018 or 2018-2019 Tammie Thompson tammiethompson28@yahoo.com
 Online Traci. Tracikeaton71@gmail.com  3348051492 So when would I find out about the financial  aid and high school  12 and no Business. Would it be sent to me or direct  deposit  to my bank I already gave it
 Good Afternoon I'm trying to retrieve my transcripts thank you
 hi my case is a bit complicated I hope you can guide me is it mandatory to be an American citizen to enroll ? I am Moroccan I did but long time ago I had my high school diploma in 2007 Houssam LAOULIDI is my name email h.laoulidi@mail.org phone +821031164022 I am living in South Korea now after 9 PM would be great that means before 5 AM here let me find out a way and get back to you as soon as possible thank you so much for your time
 Online Criminal Justice I gonna be a lawyer1 day Im I am already in progress.....My start date is 7/4 Thanks....Was just exploring....Look forward to speaking with You when I need help with something....THANK YOU!!
 it will not let me login to finish document it says incorrect user name or password georgeann auzenne 8329391981 annauzenne568@gmail.com thank you
 Is y'all asscoiate degree program in criminal justice are a 2 year program. And what is the cost of your tution?
 How to join school here Ashley Townes Ashleytownes26@gmail.com and 601/594/9081 Business Admin online
 where can I find my unofficial transcripts with this school
 someone is signing me up for stuff across the internet. Can you give me the time and date stamp an IP address used to sign up my email address? ok thanks
 Ready Information  technology No I'm good Thanks Ok
 Please give me the contact email for the director of the Masters of Health Administration Program. It says the server can’t be found! Thanks!
 good morning how do i get a copy of my transcript thank you no i dont
 online I am already a student I can't sign on calling
 Yes How does the program work are there proctor exams... Online Associates of applied science business technology Business
 Online I have started the admissions process and I downloaded the app when do I set up an email after everything is finalized? Bachelors in criminal justice Forensic science I started the process waiting for a call back from financial aid Kaeia Andrew 832 445 6258 kaeiaandrew@gmail.com K thank you
 hello i want to start  school online online classes
 hi online I am in with aiu ye YEA my friend ashlee ashey097@gmail.com 361 flint mnt lane 706-591-4009 is that all u need hold on
 Hello Yes I need help I can't sign in
 I was enrolled at aiu but don't remember my user name passeord or email
 Hello. I work for JB HUNT who uses the edassist program... I am interested in getting an associates in IT How much per credit hour?? Yes... I see you give a20 percent discount to edassist... WHich is what JB Hunt uses. I do work full time High School Degree I did do National Guard for 6 active years... I am now on my two years inactive Marion Parkhurst 3010 Napa Lane Springdale AR 72764 479 422 2545 Sure Not at the moment
 how many weeks are each course? online Thank you for the information. Have a good evening. entrepreneurship degree
 trying to find the tuition and fees for a master's degree online
 Hi I need too get my finance stuff done and password reset But im not by my laptop right now Adrianne sharupich proudmommyof3babies87@gmail.com 8019851564 Can they call me at like 11 Yes Tiffani Adrianne sharupich proudmommyof3babies87@gmail.com No t sure
 Hello I wish to confirm that one of your student obtain his degree how should I proceed? Thank you!
 No thanks
 hi although i know both my PS & SN I CANT LOGIN and for some reason the sign up email is my student email which i cant access if i cant fonseca lainey lainey.fonseca1@aiuonline.student.edu
 thinking about registrering is there an appl fee Atl great not sure depends on class sch well I just graduated with an AAS in mortuary science and looking criminal justice thx yes just moved here I already spoke with one do offer degrees in forensic pathology okay on the phone knard43@aol.com can I see your coures no not a good time I think I'm going to visit your campus next Tues do I need one can I see your coures
 Where do I find my school code Online
 Hello I am filling out my FAFSA what is AIU-Online school code? Yes Thank you
 I need help on finding my username I have tried the giving username that ihad required
 I am arham abid  and I want take admission in roots to complete my  college education Please you can help me I am interested in airforce
 Hey Jacque my name is Ethan and I am from reFort We focus on collecting appliances abandoned by college students during the move-out day recycling them and selling them to college students at very low costs during the move-in day. Who would be the right person for this? Someone from the Residence Life department? Ok thanks!
 Hello I am wanting to do online classes. I am applying and can’t remember the year I started and ended with an online college I attended years ago. Lauren Rogers 7063024976 lrn_rogers@yahoo.com I attended Ashworth College online. I didn’t want to put the wrong year on my application and it looks like I was not being truthful. Ok
 any cumpus arround georgia for the time being i want the online one. Bachelor Degree Yes I have BSC Degree In Pharmacy From Ethiopia. Ethiopia .East Africab Sorry.  Africa hello Online
 Does Le Cordon Bleu in Orlando still do culinary arts diploma? Ok thanks
 yes I already enrolled I start july4 when will I get my first imbursement ok thank you yes no
 Imlooking Onind Im lookimg for educsaation to comiment mychemistry devree Please no phone calls Elisabeth Dun 5053406978 Lab assistant degree Eldunn2018@gmail.co. No No calls pplease...ttextor email Cant take calls. Private line for busi ess anf Ok i ys reen calls How will i knlw itd i Sorry but im using mycrell for everthho h . Itsaczing up now 8:00 Do u havehazmat certificTkons Gfaciadybue osnochrs Wow uknoe spamosh
 I am looking for information on cost no  I just looked .  It is too expensive for me.  Thanks
 i am currently enrolled at Colorado Tech online but t just isn't for me. I was wondering how I go about transferring to an associate in the criminal justice program at AIU Amanda Cronan 3766 sugar valley rd ugar valley Ga 30746 Sugar Valley GA 706 263 9613 manda.cronan@gmail.com around 12:30 to 1:30 thank you for your time and help
 Good afternoon Liane my name is Teanda and I wanted to get more information about you BBA degree with a specialization in hospitality management.  My main goal is to one day open my own restaurant. Would this program be a good fit for me? Teanda Nichole Anderson lovesuccess2011@gmail.com i'd prefer to speak to someone via email and then from there I can disclose my phone number or if that can't be done I will call after I leave work. I just wanted to see if I could get clarity before taking that step so that no one is wasting time
 Hello I just need an official email for AIU online admissions
 why cant I login to my classes online yes ok thanks
 i Forgot my password online thomasinano@gmail.com yes but it is saying that my security questions don't match ok you can tranfer me
 I just need help changing my start date Ashley Bilbrey.   awright17@ymail.com 8065982960 I think I am logged in It says welcome to your application center Yes
 Welcome Yes
 Hi clara actually i'm a past student  of the south florida campus how do i request an unoffical transcript? thank you !!
 hello kristie I need to know if its too late to catch up on my homework if I can find my school and financial advisor? i lost everything during move. All my electronics and info. pls and ty online criminology and business entrepenuear Delilah padilla and i have no number only a business phone at the womens and family shelter im at..may i change it to that please? my old number is 8064201403 why have i been cancelled? ok may i have an admissions advisor number to speak with one? in 10 mins if i may pls 9 pm central time no maam ty very much for being a lot helpful today (:
 Do you know the school code? Online sorry I misread the message I graduated from the school in March of 2015 and was wondering for Job applications (I'm applying for Wells Fargo) and AIU isn't under their listing of IL schools and that's from looking at a list of 187 schools American InterContinental University? thanks for the help
 I'm trying to log in with the username Mrs. Blackburn gave me but the system is saying it doesn't recognize it. Vanessa Thomas...vrthomas1991@gmaill.com 5802286196 no. she emailed me my username yesterday. I should just have one account with the information I just gave you. She has been sending me emails to vrthomas1991@gmail.com with the username Vanessa.Thomas134 but whenever I put it in the system it says that it doesn't recognize it. anytime okay okay thank you no thank you you too!
 Amy hg FD mggvcj
 Its not letting me get back in so i can change it
 Hello my name is Alton Earl Hadden I am a new student coming back to A I U could you let Ruby Harris know I am ready and waiting for her to call me today. Alton Earl Hadden 970-693-8077 oldoutlawgunfighter@yahoo.com O K thank you O K  thank you  have a good day Iknow of no one Thas all for now good by
 I would like to enroll for classes to start July 4 Business Management no An emrgency has occurred get back in touch later
 Hello To enroll
 Hi Patrick yes I was willing to login into my account but I couldn’t. I am actually from Enid Oklahoma . And willing to took some online class here. Online course Yes my name is Bojkit Daniel my phone is 5805405691 my email address is jameladaniel23@gmail.com High school diploma graduated in Enid High school went to college at northern Oklahoma college. Criminal Justice and bussiness business healthcare Aright that will be work
 I wasn' quite finished I absollutely must finish My FASFA ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!! I did send Jeremy an e=mail and explained that I was unable to finish my FASFA. GREAT.... what I was hoping to hear!! You have a great rest of the day Veronica and thank you very much for your assistance I certainly will and thanx again...
 I would like to go back to school but my student loans are in default and say closed on my credit report can I still go to school is there any other resources to help with cost? I am looking at online coarses. I would be I am at work. Can I give u my email address and have info sent to me about classes and financial. Kari Mcmanigal  3072501115.  karilovesray@gmail.com I work 2 jobs one from 7-2 another 3-10pm so it's kinda hard to get a minute to chat. K Sunday around 11am would be fine. I will look at the classes u offer and see if it's what I am looking for. No one at this time
 Hi. I’m Kearria Newell. I wanted to see if I could attend here online. Criminal Justice is the program I’m interested in. Okay thank you. Kearrianewell22@gmail.com Ok
 Hi I was just looking at your website and noticed that you have courses for fashion designing okayThank you Not that  I can think of at the moment
 I trying to fill in some form your asking for a phone number but put my contact in and saying not valid I need a help Network administration just trying to sent my detail for fallow information from the admission office davidgarsinii1@gmail.com/+231881699069 Liberia West africa Liberia
 Hello I’m just trying to take more courses so that I can transfer to Savannah state in the spring is that possible Mariah mariahgipson24@gmail.com 7733960001 Anytime Thanks
 hello I dont remember my information Alicca Mixon     mixona67@gmail.com      3182657535 no I wanted to attend now im ready to accomplish my goals ok
 Aryan James williams and Cory Taylor williams and raydn lovett Help me find them in L.A. cops on the kids and the truth is I think that I am to be the mis to the Raydn To win the world lovett and the other day the other burns the other side effects of the urban areas of drunk driving a getaway bam to HBK
 Atlanta And online No I do not I think it would be best for me to start college onlinebut I am not sure this would be the best choice.do you have pros and cons? Business administration Emilt Johnson.3347905682.no email I am off of work at 3:00pm Yes it is hollyjohnson@gmail.com.Thank you so much for your timewhat great customer service!!have a wonderful night I do not Thank you robin!i hope they pay you as well as you are helpful!
 Online except the application process isn't working. It's telling me to e-sign and after I did it's saying my information was wrong Allea Spence lleaspence2018@gmail.com
 I really would like to start school online asap. devan hodge devanashlee95@outlook.com g.e.d. and no! business I don't have a phone
 Hello hello does the University offer certification in human resources How long is that course? No i dont Ok. Thank you. I was actually looking for a certification.
 Hello. I forgot my log in password.  Can you help me? Online campus Thank you. Deborah Bell  debbell1@hotmail.com 5027127993 You are more than welcomed. I appreciate your assistance. Yes I'm a returning student Thank you ☺☺ Okey dokey Got it. Thanks Have a fabulous day!! Bye
 Hi Robin I'm looking for online 1977 was my  graduation year and I'm 59 yrs old scared an nervous. My is Charles No I'm not Getting a bachelor degree Charles Linkee 8089542819 cdiamondrun53@gmail.com I'm a veteran also Thanks Robin What time is it where u r? Yes Sure We can earlier if u want I'm up at 4:am every morning Yeah it's a beautiful place an 7am sounds great. Can u give me the name of the person that will be calling? One last question is it a great school? Online I mean? Well thank you so much an Aloha thanks for helping me out today. May God keep you and bless always Aloha Robin
 I want to go to yell college campus im interested in that no what do you mean about that I was wondering if I can go to delta college whats delta college phone number were
 Hi patrick I want to know if I can get a student loan. I am in need of money for housing and expenses. I am a student already taking classes online Sure Jose Orozco orozco246@gmail.com 34 Blackjack Circle Belton TX 76513 6614285293 Thanks you were alot more help than the previous agent on here. Yes I look forward to Mr. Barreras call. Thanks goodbye
 I would like to ask you Do your school take the international student
 hello i am trying to log in my account has been locked ok thank you kelly beachler my email is kellybeachler01@yahoo.com phone number is 304-431-6658 yes im a student coming back yes i tried to reset both i couldn't remember my pets name and it locked me out ok thank you im calling them now
 I use my E.mail address as my username. Is that a problem? Yes. Not at this time. 3200 W 9th St. #C. Chester PA 19013 Derei Gayle. 267 499 8039 Zagarobeblue1@Gmail.com 0630 Copy that
 I need to apply for Financial aid You there
 Trying to complete 2017-2018. 2018-2019 FaFsa applications. Can you assist me? I HAD SO MUCH TROUBLE WITH IT .I DONT REMEMBER MYNAME OR PASSWORD. I HAD A SAR SENT TO ME AND ITS BEEN. 7 DAYS NOW  since I FILLED OUT THE PAPERWORK. Well another problem exists... I dont have that phone no more. .I'm waiting on payday 3rd. Wednesday. To get another phone.  I think it was mikeltodd264@ gmail.com I can give you this one I'm using a friend She is the best.advisor.She knows my situation.I'LL give her a call in the morning.I was just seeing if i could move forward on that part..And I believe I have the contact #  to....Thank you for your time and help. You have a wonderful night!! Sincerely
 Hello I'm lisa Can you help me apply for school and grants On line
 HI how are you. I am interested in continuing my education online but my computer is not in the best of shape. will financial aid help assist in funds to get a laptop to go to school online? BA in Business Kevin McAdam kmcadam23@gmail.com 570-216-6146 ok i am available
 I need Matthias burns Online He told me to come to the chat and ask for him We have been emailing and he said to contact thru this chat since I can't call Brandee rayneblu32012@gmail.com 316855082970 8270
 Hi Kim
 Hello Online M.B.A. How long is the program I graduated from AIU BBA
 Hi! online High school diploma. No I have not.
 I have Cerebral palsy and live in a Group Home.  All of my Social Security goes towards my room board and care.    I only get about two hundred a month spending money.  I wanted you to know that up front. yes can you email that info to me?
 Hello Online on the go would be the life Sorry got a kid at moment um in biz accou ting or life Eric Mcfarland ewmcfarland34@gmail.com 6416809062 Father was stepfather uncles not me 0900 Sorry but  its kinda funny ut where is my advisor calendar
 i summited my application in i just need a stundent id number and a password Natalie L.Saxon my phone is (334)737-8029 and e-mail is nataliesaxon22@gmail.com yes i haveMr. Rishard
 Hello I am already a student taking an online course however I cannot get to the login page. Is the site down for maintenance? Christal Jeannet chrisal.islas07@gmail.com 714-812-8483 sorry christal.islas07@gmail.com yes i am
 hello I would like to know how is the cost o MBA in Project Management for international student it would be in Houston Do you guys keep I-20/ student visa ? I have visa already it is just to know if you keep it bachelor Yes Agricultural Eng. I have the evaluation already Just need to take the toelf Do you request GRE too? Okay I will take look on that Thanks
 I can not log in to update my attendance and complete my assignments online
 good morning Liane I was wanting to take Criminal Justice Courses online Charon pheifer cpheifer@gmail.com 650-515-6124
 Hello my name is Brittania Williams and I am a returning student that never really started but would like to start now 3362806626 dariussimmon91@gmail.com Okay
 Do you have an email contact for Human Resources I just submitted an application for an online position Many thanks
 I am getting stuck on this page.k I need help.
 Are you an approved educational institution for Boeing? so your on the approved list? please send me your school code - I will try to look you up to confirm now okay found you not sure and do we receive the 45% for veterans reason I want to go for dual master if it's 45 % in GA Im in the system just reviewing your email and found the list np larry 4353500469 still reviewing your programs right now. trying to understand what would be more beneficial for me at this time.
 Can you unlock my accountv i forgot the password Yes and i i need to reset thevpassword Veronica Mccluer.    Veemccluer@gmail.com 6608645634
 Hi i  keep receiving calls from this school but every time i pick an answer no one is on the line may i ask if you all have a vet tech program okay thank you so much no ma'am i am not interested in any of those programs
 Hello Want to re enroll Online No I didn't Jalisa Moran  979-292-6122 jalisamoran21@gmail.com Okay Ok
 hi is there a  4 year degree for culinary arts? thank you I don't
 please i want to know the campuses u have in houston High School Diploma yes Nigeria computer networking ok ok i will vist the one in houston
 Hi Kirsten do you all offer night classes for fashion design I'm looking at the degrees right it says Bachelor of Fine Arts in Fashion Design and Marketing does this program not exist?
 What the difference between your health care management programs offered online
 I am looking for a job!
 Hi Clara can you tell me what study programs do aiu offers? Great 👍🏽 I’ll take a look at thanks!
 Online I did submit my reinstatement appeal last week and i was attaining Accounting class I just want to know the status of my appeal My Name is Anteneh Tadese. My phone number is 832 758 7550 and my email is antigold07@yahoo.com
 Hi I am ex student of AIU and i completed my bachelor's degree. I am applying for Masters program at Oklahoma and will need electronic transcripts sent to the university ok I can pass on the message as i always do. My experience with Aiu has been wonderful too
 I am an online graduate of AIU. I am looking for a leadership program. Helen Hunt helenhunt726@yahoo.com 133 Burnt Drive Sparta GA. 31087. 706-444-9427
 Gm I would like to re-enroll to aiu. Chericka Robbins 8503398599 cgully35@gmail.com 5:30pm
 Hello it's Monika battaglia again. I applied to the online campus. Is there textbooks that can be mailed to me or are they all online Ok. So there calling around 9am right Ok. Would I talk to a financial aid advisor also Yes. I did that also already Ok thanks
 having hard time resetting password Christina rawls 1615 sunset ave Waukegan il  IL dpdymples@yahoo.com
 Good afternoon  I have been a student at AIU before.  Do I need to schedule a campus tour? AIU Atlanta the one located on 500 Embasy Row. thank you for assisting me today. I will give them a call tomorrow.  I've been a student at that location before and I submitted an application..  Just trying to get the ball started since classes start July 4th week... I believe I briefly did yesterday and someone was suppose to call me today at 10 am.  I am off in the morning and I was going to call the gentleman back then. I submitted the application a week ago today. Yes.  I can give you the first name and his number...   Thank you so kindly in talking to me today... My name is Annette Wright best phone number is:404-432-5760. Address is: 9519 Lakeview Rd Union City GA 30329.  Email address:wrightannette@hotmail.com His name was David.  I have his telephone number My pleasure thank you for assist me
 What is the cost for the master's program and how long is it?
 online I need help with the application Charles downing charlesdevin91@gmail.com 217-730-6542 criminal justice high school diploma. No no okay but they will not be able to reach me what about 9:30am he is working on weekends I cannot think of anyone
 My phone won't allow me to push the course of study i choose which is an associate in science of criminal justice Dana l.  Lewis.... 224-733-5364...mowett04@gmail.com Yes Yes  can u push the button for me so I can get on with my app.  And apply for financial aid Now Just me
 online do you have the link for login for alumni or would i use my login from when i was in school okay thank you why yes great no number right now my email i used in school is fduosai@yahoo.com and faybrienne doucet i would be going for my second masters okay perfect thank you
 Um Looking for me something to do right now why i am out of school right now ❤❤
 Hello Want to re enroll Jalisa Moran  979-292-6122 jalisamoran21@gmail.com Yes I don't know anyone Okay
 good morning I need the phone number for student records or the department that handles transcripts
 Passwords doesn't work. Rest it three time
 we were just talking I am not sure how much of my contact info that you got from me. My internet cuts off every night for 3 seconds at 12:15 but my ISP refuses to admit it Yes I was military medically retired Do you know any instance of how you would graduate in 9 months? I have a college transfer degree which is core classes and electives and I am working on my associates in accounting right now. Thank you :) Noon would be good did you get all the contact information? Yes Maam or Batman's sidekick just hit me that you may be a man. You too have a blessed day
 Atl wht's the cost per semester ? yes I already have an appointment setup.
 I for got my usednames & my password. can please help me out I have not setup a username or password
 Online bachelors in business admin
 hey I got a question
 Good Afternoon I wanted to ask a few questions before I refer my niece to the university.. Hello.. Yes I am.. Ok.. For a undergrad. What is the cost of the classes? Biology is the program that she is interested in but still needs to get her prereqs in before starting the program.. Ok. Thank you for the information.
 Hi Rosalyn! This university have culinary degrees 100% online( ? Is online? Ok thanks I have an associate in Culinary Arts And I want to do a BA in hoosp manag Carolina Polanco 5705994569 aqnid12@gmail.com My english is better by messages!! I don't Ok
 Hello Veronica can you tell me what my aiu email address is so can get this mobile app set up please Am doing online courses they start July 4th it's Deborah Flores 432-310-2388 email is deborahmflores4@gmail.com Ok thank you Ok that's going to be  my email for school Thank you have a great night
 Online courses Business Management Yes plenty! Joseph (Joe) Mikulski 832-657-9649 joe6989@yahoo.com I do have benefits remaining on my post 9-11 gi bill as well I have taken a number of college classes already so not sure which one would be accepted so on and so forth Houston but with my work schedule it will have to be onloine Sure that would be just fine! Great!
 hi i wabachlor 10gr sorry ged
 Is there a dissertation fee? online Is there a degree audit fee? Graduate education programs Is there a fee specific to any graduate education courses? I am gathering fee information for programs I am interested in. If you are unable to answer my question regarding course fees could you please direct me to someone who could? Thanks.
 I'm trying to fill out loan application or financial assistance forms to start online school Yes..can't remember if it was with AIU so many have called Kenyetta Ellerbee Sorry Kenyetta Ellerbee 7064245722..kenyettascott4@gmail.com After 4pm..do I need to wait to talk to Robin before I can start filling out forms to see if I qualify for either loan or financial help
 I am trying to do my classes online to become a RN What are them classes? To become?
 Do you have a class that teaches High school diploma hospitality management and finances And do you have on line classes Yes I got my GED in 1986 but I want to get a more because it's a different time now and there wasn't even computers when I was in school But thanks for information. I need to find a community college that teaches  high school gramar and hospitality management because I'm already self employed but I need to be up to part on what's going on society economics today
 hi My nam
 hi do you have an online bachelor in education ? i did my bachelor but in my conuntry Dominican Republic hi  sure this is my celphone number 347-446-5448
 Hey im trying to put the school i received my diploma but it doesnt have miami jobcorps in miami gardens fl Online
 Trying to finish my log in info
 hello i hope you good today! i live in boston and im looking for Marketing program which best can help me no sure Sandro Do Canto docantosandro@gmail.com
 Hi i recent did my application online and I am waiting to see what steps i need to complete Salina McClure znobia.sm@gmail.com 3187790025 okay No I haven't although i did email one ok my house phone dead sorry and i get bad reception with my cell service about 30 mins will be perfect Thank you i do not know anyone at the moment everyone is currently enrolled or going through the process Thank you you too!
 How can I get another copy of my degree? Yes Ok thank you
 Online Mba Sure Jim Boogs 2569376752 jboggs@gmail.com Sure
 hello what is the fedral school code for online yes i have and thank you
 Is there a specific email to reach someone in HR? Thank you so much.  The number helps for what I need. You as well.
 what is the FAFSA code for AIU?? she has already left for the day ok thank you im already registered i am just renewing and its asking for the code you too good bye
 Hi Robin. I am not a student.  I wanted to know if you had the phone number of someone I could contact in HR as I saw you are hiring adjuncts in Environmental Science and I wanted more information. Is the Shaumburg Office also a teaching center?  Do you know? I am moving close by that area (I don't know the area at all) so i was just curious. Thank you so much for your help... I truly appreciate your assistance and I hope that maybe we could be working together!
 how much credits is your eng 101 class? yes looking to dual enroll no thank you
 What is AIUs Federal School Code?
 9999 Richmond Avenue houston Texas I have an appointment with this campus at 1pm I went on the web site and what I'm trying to take up is auto mechanic and I didn't see it on the web site Yea I seen that so I dont think this the school I need to attend
 I need mu username changed to reflect my correct name.
 yes i was wondering how do the students recieve their refunds? is it check you guys send a card or can it be direct deposit
 How do I contact technical support? I can't get into the campus login page. Thanks
 Hey Paul. Quick question. I am a former student of AIU. Is there any way I can verify my dates I attended the school? I was in attendance around 2003-2006. Achieved bachelor degrees in Business Management and Healthcare management. I am trying to get the dates to submit for a security check at work (I am a contractor to the FAA) Name is Daniel Casey May Awesome thank you I cannot think of anyone at the moment but I would be glad to refer folks if I find they are looking. Thanks again!
 hi what is the address we use for FAFSA or student loans? hello yes online TU
 Wit me not having a Diploma or GED can I still attend O OK thanks
 Hi Paul. I am interested in pursuing my bachelors
 im confused on a few invoices
 Hi Clara my name is Surita Hopkins and I graduated online on May 9th  2009 . I am trying to get my  diploma mailed to me since my student loan has been  discharged. Thank you very much.  I will contact them. Have a great day
 working on reentry having hard time with username and password Christina rawls 1615 sunset ave Waukegan il 2243036091 yes it has been locked yes too many failed attempts
 Hello Liane. I am looking into taking classes to complete pre-med requisites am I able to take classes even if I'm not seeking a degree? okay. Thank you
 Interested in Associates in Business Management HS diploma
 Atlanta My highest level is a bachelor’s degree Masters degree in business administration I will soon!!! I’m moving there in three weeks from Thomson Georgia Yes Byron Classroom I plan on visiting at the end of the month when I move to Atlanta Could you talk to me about housing? No! Jessica Gaitor 7063614864
 hello I was thinking of going back to school im undecided MBA no I obtained 3 degrees from AIU and they dont offer Doctoral program maybe accounting Melanie Key melandtyrell@gmail.com 3362619255 ok
 Hi where do you go to access smarthinking services?
 I'm a current student  and I can't remember my user name to login I'm Sarah Simpson.  My phone crashed My phone number is 503 717 2433
 I'm just researching what accreditation means.Is Aiu accredited? How do I find proof?
 I was chatting with Kristy and we got disconnected. Is she available? Thank you Now do you have any information? That will be great. I really appreciate it Thank you. I will contact you at a later date about cost. Have  a wonderful day and take care.
 hi. my name is Mary.i started my fafsa but I cant find it to finish it mary e baca….marybaca430@gmail.com......5015470210 im on the application center
 Hello  is the refer a friend program still open? Sure My name is Haley Cobb. email haley.a.cobb@gmail.com April WRight referal aprilawright@hotmail.com Ok great thank you! I am allset you do the same
 am i able to chat support for online yes my system wont let me log in on browser say error do i need to clear history or cookies i cannot remeber done thank you it did thsnk you have a great weekend
 looking to see if there is a easy payment plan for self pay students online health services administration management mrsaviles2013@gmail.com marci evans 8432171030 email is better
 Hello!  I just seen a commercial that showed you offered Visual Communications (film) and I was looking to see what courses/programs you had but I don't see anything here on your site Thank you!  Yes I live here none outside of the US.  I have an Associates of Applied Science and an Associates of Arts degree no maam
 I am having trouble logging in campus log in
 Hello Do you all not offer a store? I'm not able to find one? Books of wisdom is the store to order AIU gear also? Thank u. You to
 hey dear actually I'm interesting in online programs Finance No some college First of all I would like to know the cost of the tuition and stuffs in other to keep forward alright thank you !!
 I don’t know the campuses but I’m looking to take online classes Education High school diploma Okay. What do you have in associate Okay let me think over this decision and I will keep in touch. Okay Angela cleveland angelacleveland89@yahoo.com don’t have a phone but i can use a friend phone at 6015967871 at this time Yes
 hi my name is Simone Porter. I enrolled in an online program with your school. I am looking to continue my education and i wanted to know if you can mail a transcript  from your school to my college for admittance there
 (310) 753-3245 customers service i need help
 Hello I was wanting to know if my Highschool transcript is on my file. Dianna Hall seay1479@gmail.com 5026562445
 iam trying to log in thanks BEVERLY LEWIS BEVERLYLLEWIS2@GMAIL.COM 6182070974 STUDENT#27810839 OK THANKS
 Hi I want to apply for September class How do I go about that ATL Master MBA..INT student Undergraduate degree Yes outside Ok Yes my info can be forwarded to Int Admin Prince princeadomadjei@yahoo.com.  233246720813 Country code +233 Alright. Thanks Same
 WHAT CLASSES DO I NEED TO BECOME A BAIL BONDSMAN
 i had my 200 word disissicion question answer and i wwas trying to do spell check nd it disapeared
 Is Marketing available Liane? Thank but Just want a little info before giving that infoemation information
 Hello I was wondering how quickly I would be able to get my bachelor's degree. I am currently in high school but I have been taking multiple college courses (not transferrable as I did not pay for the credit) online ranging from financial management to theoretical physics. I am already comfortable with online learning and am very interested in acquiring several postgraduate degrees. As such it is in my best interest to complete prerequisites (BA) fairly efficiently. What would your estimate be for the minimum amount of time required to obtain a bachelor's degree? Of course. Is it possible to take more than 2 classes at a time? Will it be possible in the future? Will do. Thank you for your help.
 Kristie my name is Grace from Ghana Atlanta campus please Do you have courses for masters program there? yes please I am a graduate of Ghana Intitute of Journalism I Studied Bachelors of Arts in Communication studies Yes please I am a citizen of Ghana and reside here Hopefully early 2019 Does your institution accept international students? Hello I don’t really understand your last statement can you kindly elaborate? I thought it was the same institution agent
 Hello How long are your semesters I am completing my degree with the Air Force and need to take a math class. i was looking into Math125 stephen wrench-81@hotmail.com 734-244-3631 Thanks anderson
 Hi am seeing a share point error so im unable to upload my db
 hi! i am applying for online classes  how do i know if im applying for online and does doing online classes affect tuition? 100% because i'm having a baby in january . education my name is india theninadanielle@yahoo.com and my number 6787857856 thank you nobody that i  know of  sorry.
 Yed
 My application Sorry my name is Lisa camp Yes Lisa camp Camplisa86@gmail.com 2052697083 Yes And I'm approved for fed grant Donald I think that's his name If not lol OK and I would like that About 2weeks ago Around 11am Try so much
 Hello online Associates in criminal justice High school graduate and no Michael Stephen 662-537-8422 mstephney33@gmail.com Michael Stephney I am currently using the phone that's it why I chose to chat I am completing the application Okay
 Hi Actually I am applying for a teaching position with your institution. Thank you What is the address for AIU tHANK YOU
 Hello trying to sign for admission But I don't know my username are password Babydollbrooks0@yahoo.com Ok 3469004843
 👍lam. A. Student. My. Name. Is. Beateiz L. Wii. Like.   To. Now. When. Am. Going. To. Start. My. Glass Lau. Online edu Alu.edu Last. Year lam.  Looking. To. Pick up. Were. L. Leth Yes. Beatriz1122@email.com 9362440596.  Cell
 how do i apply for financial aid i am undecided no
 How do I request a copy of my transcripts? No I just need my transcripts.  I graduated with my Bachelors in Buisness Administration in 2006
 I have a user name but never made  password i keep going to forgot user name and it just shows me user name in my email Tammy Romeo tdanceromeo@gmail.com  330-651-0340 i think i have it yes no  not yet
 hi veronica AIU Atlanta MBA in MArketing Rahil Dandawala +91 8879014501 rahildandawala@hotmail.com i am a citizen of India i have completed my undergraduate degree program yes sure okay
 Arfan Arfan_khan21@hotmail.com  me Noor working
 do you offer fast track? bachelor's degree of science in criminal justice some college I'm already on the phone with the admission advisor Kayla Welch  email:kaylamiller09.km@gmail.com address: 400 Nesbit Street Bay Minette Alabama 36507 phone #: 251-250-8853 yes mama
 I'm trying to fill out the application it won't take my username and password Not exactly sure Cindy Smith email cindysmith093@gmail.com cell phone number is 469 264 4448
 Kindly i want ask you about  do you have a dance program ? Ok thank you
 Halloare students from other countries persuing verious courses eligible for the scholarship programme? Ok.But what of choosing to study with you online? Ok thanks for clarifying that to me.Have a nice time.
 Is there application fee Do you have financial aid Online course for curlibary Curlinary Yes I wanna be a chef Veronica said u did I am going to have someone call me Crystal tremonte Tremonte47@gmail.com 860 961 2235 Hospitality management to work in a restaurant Ok
 I havnt looked  whuch has rhe most  cute guys I.m playing . One i could  meet a few  gals
 I wanted to now what are the requirements to enter into this school Which ones are there?
 Hi robin I am already a student just finishing my bachelors in CJ and was looking to see what the tuition was for the masters of education program online thank you! so each time tuition bills my cost would be? (taking one class a session 22989551 no that is ok I was just looking at things on campus and wondering i have already signed on for the masters and start july 4 okay thank you
 Hello. I'm trying to enter a determine the class assignment that I need to complete first to turn in.  I believe I need to enter the Intellipath and complete the unit one discussion board 22821620 I'm basically turning in late assignment and playing catch up Now I'm seeming to be having an issue with the student login no whenever i click on student login it doesn't give me nothing not even a drop down box sure
 Hello i am interested in this program Master	Information Technology (MSIT): Specialization in Information Assurance and Security But i want to know the total tuition fee Vanuatu Tom Nako tnakua@gmail.com fine
 I'm supposed to be starting online classes July 4th I am having a terrible situation I went to a private Christian Academy called spiritlife Christian Academy in Madison Alabama the principal passed away about 4 or maybe 5 years ago and now I have no way of getting in touch with anyone to get my transcripts I have looked everything up on Google to try to find out maybe his wife's name I mean any single thing I could think to try I did and I even tried to get in touch with ITT and of course they say they do not have my transcripts is there anything you could think of I might could do in this situation
 Hi I would like to begin classes asap AA in criminal justince justice Jasmine Phillips aksmith815@gmail.com 6014730976 ok thank you the call was disconnected Thanks. I will wait for the call
 Hi My name is dan I just was seein how can i do my lesson when i start my classes when they start
 Would like to get backin classes if I could 7409719357 mrock1973@hotmail.com No :) Melvin Rock lol ok
 hello online Online MBA in Management Bed Computer Studies yes it was I cant see anywhere an idea of how much it cost per credit hour? can you help me please? Online MBA in Management? not bachelors my highest level is a Bachelor of Education yes it was completed outside of the US I saw that but i did not get any idea on the cost Got iy Thank you ok i will
 Hello Online classes I am not sure I work at a rock quarry and not sure what would work with it.  I would think probabaly bisiness administration Daniel wilson 2545924217 Danlee0418@yahoo.com Yes i was in the marines for 4 years 2000 to 2004 Yw About 2pm Ok thank you Thanks again Have a good day
 Good morning I already spoke with admissions and everything and did my fasfa.  I just wanted to know the exact start date for classes in September
 hi i have 5.5 in my ILETS can i use it to apply for master program on campus? bachelor degree yes in nigeria Nigeria but am currently working in Qatar GODWIN EDOKPA OSELUONAIMEN  godwinedokpa07@gmail.com+97455695127 country code +974 any time is ok
 Yes Can you give me an example of Quantitative Research? How can I use that with quantitative research when using a animal
 hi do you have a link where i can see all available courses offeredby aiu? business admin but im looking into what options i have for my elective credits i just found it thank you http://aiuniv.smartcatalogiq.com/en/2018/Catalog/Courses
 I was calling Patrica about online I forgot to put the date can't get to screen I done on line forgot the date she we're helping me Done on line left date out
 I'm enrollment online
 for online courses how many weeks does a course last and how many courses are taken at a time? I have 90 college credit hours and no I have not completed any education outside the United States. Thank you Patrick. That will be all for today.
 Do you offer the Media production proram
 online my name is adrian wright  the program im intresting   batchlor  in  bussiness adminstration when is the next classes start i have internet   and personal computer  to take my  assignment high school diploma 2004 225 9935791  adrianwright6363@gmail.com u there thanks no one rate now if i do  i let u kno
 Hallo do have Pome class
 I would like to withdraw from the university how would I go about doing that I was enrolled with the inline campus online yes i am i have emailed her twice and she has not withdrawn me yet Yes Jessica Portee 980-833-7225 porteeportee@gmail.com ok no problem ok thanks you have a wonderful day as well!!
 Nursing
 Thanks. I was just looking for job openings at AIU. Thank you
 Hi How spoking American English Hello Hi Help English speaking
 Hello  I am trying to get some information on the different associates programs Online only* Bria Biggs Kelsiebee@ymail.com 3375609924 I am unable to be reached my phone . Is there any wa Is there anyway to receive information via email? Yes I am seeking to enroll. Criminal Justice
 hello I have a question what does $166.00 per credit hour mean? I have one ok
 i'm looking for online courses I am currently approx. 12 credits away from my AA and I am looking to change my major from environmental science to education. yes maa'am i am looking at your criminal justice program I always thought about becoming a parole officer do you accept fasfa Sheryl MAnley 850-890-2866 16131 Sandstone Rd.  Fountain FL 32438 Sheryl86manley@gmail.com
 is it possible to speak with someone in the financial aid office no i have a few questions about the student loan options there jennifer ayers 4783632282 jennifercash21@gmail.com im at work can u email me the student loan options online yes no i need to talk to someone in financial aid admissions already told e they did not thave the ansers yhank u
 Am Angel from south Africa a high student in grade 12 and I will too study drama and film in your institution Is it possible for me too study at your institution as am a south African Who lives in south Africa Am in So which levels and average marks in each subjects should I obtain Angel thully 0792105122 angelthully81@gmail.com Yes am available OK Mr/Mrs Try again +27792105122
 hey robin im faith i was wondering how do i go about financial aide for medical assistant no healthcare management or business administration faithshalita26@gmail.com
 I need help with my password
 Hi how do I receive my transcripts I'm a former student No I start another school in august And I need my transcripts No ma'am I don't but thanks for the information Thank you you have a great day as well
 home now to do my 2 app
 hello my name is saundra cloud and i have already did the application process and i was rtrying to sign in hello yes it is saying i am not a student yet and i was suppose to start orientation yes michellemitchell429@yahoo.com what is your time frame because i was suppose to have heard  anold kamukama today and that was supoose to have been at 1:00pm 216-703-3713 ok when
 Good Afternoon.   Professional inquiry with regard to temporary and permanent placement of your culinary team. Currently have many openings.   Also have a temporary R&D role for the summer OK
 My name is Tim Waters from AAA the Auto Club.  One of my insured's graduated from your university.  IWas wondering if your alumni association is automatic upon graduation.  Can you confirm if this is correct? thank you Arica
 hi staffy here actually i ma writing a smart goal to improve my grades can you help me with that i have recently completed my high school graduation yes i have completed my education from india i have taken an associate of science i the Kwanten Polytechnic university in canada india ya sometimes
 Hi I'm interested in the Bachelor of Business Administration Degree with the Le Cordon Bleu Hospitality Management and I'm wondering how the online progam works. I have an Associates of Science in Culinary Arts from Texas State Technical College in Waco Texas I really enjoyed it. I've had an interest in cooking and restaurant for a long time. The program just didn't have very much in the way of management classes. I haven't talked to an advisor yet. I just wanted to know if since the classes are online where or not its one class at a time or do I have to take multiple classes at the same time. Cary Hicks b383blackrose@yahoo.com 5755125691 Not real sure about that everyone I know already has a degree or at least is trying to get one from other schools.
 Is your asscoiate degree program in criminal justice is 2 years?
 Hi Im interested in the dade and broward campus which one will be good for me.
 im waiting on a email to reset my password and username but i havent receiived it yet what should i do? manelnieves588@gmail.com   Manuel Nieves 2285461822
 Hi! I am trying to login to my virtual campus but there isn't an option for a new user. Do I have to complete a new application ? dmgodfrey2@gmail.com Okay that's where I was confused. For some reason it doesn't recognize my answers to reset my password
 I am interested in the BBA in Healthcare Management online courses.   I do have some college credits already.  Do this transfer to you how do we figure that out and i can do all these course online correct that is just awsome Teresa Cowan   jtcowan99@sbcglobal.net  210.213.4748. please do not call me today.  I am going through an audit today so I do not have the time for a call 10 am please.  I am going on vacation for the first time in a year.  I need sleep. yes
 hi I signed up with yall in 2017 and I for got my password I was wondering if yall could help and I don't rember my security question can you hep? help
 Houston Criminal justice Well I graduated high school in 2013 went to hcc but don’t have much done probably just 4 classed done then I got a certificate on cna Paola sapon paolasapon @yahoo.com How long is a certificate takes ? And were is the location in Houston 8328585738 Are you guys open 24 hours Like the advisor Can you guys call me Saturday around 1 I work everyday and get out until 8
 Hello Yed Yes Online I live in Springfield IL Business Katrinabyrd700@yahoo.com phone number is (217)717-6843 Can you call Monday morning  about 9am
 Hello I am trying to go ahead and start the main classes online and then move father in my life Nursing I just finished high school in May. thank you but will I be able to do some classes online like the English math science and etc Xena Wilson xenawilson1999@gmail.com 573-826-7747 can we do 9 Okay Thank you so much for all the help
 hi there enquiry reg bachelor in hotel management online i live in Indonesia can i study as international student through online on part time basis australia working in Indonesia whats the email address i can contact
 hello mam!! hope you are good today i am sudha today i miss your call sorry i want to know full detail about health care management program would you mind giving detail high school from Nepal but now i stay in USA thank you yes mam yesterday sorry that means
 Do you know if Online site is down.  I
 Hello Actually am DRC I want to do IT So what must I do? I want to learn Information technology So what must I do ? to start learning so it's impossible for  me to take registrationcause Am in Africa yes I'd like that please thank you. thank you very much please are organizing some further sessions in Kenya Nairobi? Am sorry for my broken English we are in French country Thank you so where in Africa can I find your university? Thank you bye
 Online course Businesses administration in marketing Bachelor Associate degree in petroleum technology from hcc Houston TX No military experience Lolita nana and they can contact me via my cell phone 2817130731 Wednesday morning around 9:30a if possible Yes lolinana2001@hotmail.com could you give the price also to complete the program bachelor degree Thank you Ok Thank you so much!
 Trying to reach Kimberly Calka. For rernrollment in July classes Sandra Jones sandieandie81@gmail.com 9703147310 Morning time. I have to be to work at 1pm Perfect thank you!!! You too!!!
 No thanks
 online ive attended before idk if im able to reapply how do i find that out? yes Tamesha Harris harristamesha@gmail.com 6789641043 your welcome yes ok
 Is AIU regionally accredited
 greetings i need info on upcoming graduation Thank you!
 ACTUALLY WAS INTERESTED ABOUT ONLINE NOT SURE OF ONLINE OPTIONS OK
 Hello. I am working on my application and I am almost completely finished. However my e-signature is not being accepted. Certainly. Abigail Uldrich 252-658-5676 ajuldrich16@gmail.com No worries. Thanks! Thank you. Perhaps it is under abigailuldrich19@gmail.com Yes I have Thank you. She contact me just now. Got through it. :)
 yes I have a appointment to speak with a adviser this morning I need help with the application because I do not know what to do Charles Devin Downing charlesdevin91@!gmail.com217-730-6542 yes i am still here I just called him and no answer
 When do August classes start BCIS Yes but my start date needs to be changed on my application kiana gates kianagates19@yahoo.com 713-899-2975 Thank you Ok
 hello i am not able to get past the VA shopping sheet i have answered the questions and printed it up but it keeps telling me i cannot move on until i review. hello Valencia Raheem valencia_raheem@yahoo.com 631 603 9668 Im just trying to complete the application.  i entered in the information regarding the shopping sheet and it said it is complete.  it then says close it and then go back to save and continue.  when i do that it tells me i have to review it before i move on but i have already looked at it.
 what do i have to do to get me signed up and the cost will be? Health care admin yes vet Mark Makowski @ makowskimark1@gmail.com looking foward to hear from HIM or HER
 Yes I would like to return to AIU Adrienne Morgan msadriennemorgan@gmail.com 6019189689 I am at work I am off at 7. was that you who just called &pm cst will be great that's fine have a great day
 Hello which number do I call to obtain my transcript Ok thanks No ma’am not yet No ma’am
 hi I want to be a police officer thanks and have a good day
 Hi I'm new to AIU. I'm going to major on Management under the MBA. can I ask you anything? Thanks. Listen do you know how to download the school's mobile app. I tried doing it but I think it's the wrong one because it's limited. I cannot navigate to links. Ok. So it won't work now? Thanks. I have two more Q. Financial Aid has been sending messages. They are saying that they are still lacking my Transcript. ok. Eliezer Gracia Eliezer_graci@yahoo.com and 956-475-4627 Last question: My school (AIU) email does not work. Ok Ok Sorry I just got this phone I
 online I need a speech class to complete my CCAF and was wondering if you offer it. I'm military and currently deployed. That's ok. thank you for your time.
 I’m currently in the army national guard and I read that through this university you can get credit for your mos training could I get some more information on that Probably business No not yet Robert farmer robertfarmer97@hotmail.com and 6063091331 I’m not sure maybe some of my other recruits
 Hello  I need some help please Am trying o set up a micro Account I just did Nothing Ok
 Good morning I was a former student years ago... I was wondering what would be the process of reenrollment Also how Can I find out how many credits I have already with AIU Charlisha Williams charlisha.williams@gmail.com
 hello I am trying to get info for my daughter Do you all offer anything in Medical for Associates okay I got my associates of billing and coding here several years ago are you not offering that program anymore okay thank you
 Hi Kim my name is Sharmays White & it will be the the online one The bachelor degree in Healthcare I had apply on yesterday but didn't hear from anyone so was checking to see wat else I needed to do No I don't sharmays.white27@gmail.com & number is 678-608-6171 Oh okay then Alrite then
 How do I change my start date online school Already contacted agent
 hello. when is your next start date? what do i need to get enrolled? yes business what do i need to see if i qualify to enroll? if i attended a college previously do i have to use my transcript. or can i just use my high school transcript. i didnt earn any college credits ok.that is great christopher bradley 6628223023 christopherbradley1@hotmail.com my phone service is currently off at the moment. i can correspond through chat and email. im not sure at the moment ok thats great yes i do i have already started the application and am almost finish .Ok. I am interested in the associtates business program.  I plan to try and open my own business I want to open up  a restaurant in the future. no. i am currently unempoloyed I have worked in a chemical plant and also painting air planes. i graduated high svchool in 21 i graduated high school in 2009 im sorry didnt realize i had number lock on yes i do ok. that would be fine ok. thats great ok. i am interested no questions ok yes i am no i havent yes i am ok ok mississippi ok.so are the books online or physical books sent ok. this would be a great fit how soon will you request my transcripts from my high school i have completed the application ok. im doing it now ok. and yes i will be available tomorrow ok. do i need to ask to chat with him yes i am that is fine thanks no that is all
 Hi
 Hello Jacque! I attended AIU Online about 9 years ago and I'm just curious what I need to do to get a copy of my transcripts. Can you please point me in the right direction?
 Hi Liane I looking into pursuing master degree either healthcare administration or psychology I currently live in atlanta stil want to do online bc I am not working and dont have a car. Ive been trying to find a job in my field since I moved here and its hard dana Tyler octavia_tyler@yahoo.com 347-452-5327
 How long is the cna course
 try tosign up for your online classes hospitaliy management I've taken some le cordon bleu courses but did not finish no Brandon M Richard  my email is brandonrichard20@gmail.com 219-276-6295 im at work right now ...
 Online im a graduate yes i have a question that maybe you can help with I have to send proof that i graduated with an application im feeling out. is there any way i can download a digital copy of my classes or something I have no idea what my user name is please do.. my name is Rasulullah Harris i think its rasul.harris@yahoo.com ok great!! THANK YOU!!
 On the application page it won’t acceptmy phone number Online  campus Education Shereen Chung shereen.chung@gmail.com +886989619513
 Just wanted to check with you about schooling
 Hi There is a problem with me when i complet my application Yes Houston Yes I'm finished my studying in alexandria University In Egypt What are the financial assessments required for admission Criminal justice Wait i want to tell you something i spoke to my advisor yesterday Mr. Stuart Garraway And i have user name in AIU Ok thanks Will he help me to complete my application? Abanoub Nady Farg 01225109856 or 01015707419 Abanoubnady1235@gmail.com Thank sir You too
 I need help with getting a student loan I am an undergraduate student Yes ma’am Rashad Lovett shad011@icloud.com 9122485113 9123202451
 Hello I am requesting information on Employment Opportunities Thanks
 hi I am actually a current student but I cannot log into the website to put in a technical request sarah sarah.balatgek@me.com and 407-342-6733 ok thank you!
 what is your email address? or the admission counselor that i can contact to ask for the requirements etc. yes maam i need the link thank you maam Maludesa O. Machica maludesa.machica93@yahoo.com
 Hi Who Can I Talk To About Re-Admission Raven Bell raven.bell2913@gmail.com 3474692255 Sunday in the morning Okay No That's It Thanks
 what would be cost of my first class? If I pay out of pocket Atlanta and online I would like to take campus classes started out patricericks@yahoo.com Give me phone to call the advisior
 Hello Kim i was wondering if you coukd help me out as far as how semesters/ quarters are split up Online Okay.. So how does financial aid cover each term? Is it a  set amount per term or per semester Thats okay.. I'll contact my admissions advisor
 What hours are the aiu library open Illinois
 I’m an online student How do I speak to someone in career services Thanks
 I have a general question. Is the statement about 10 years being when credits expire a pretty reliable number or more of an example? Nevermind
 Hello Can you direct me - on how to reorder my MBA certificate I graduated in 2013 Thank you
 I'm having a difficult time with my login Christina Rawls dpdymples@yahoo.com 2243036091 No https://studentlogin.aiuniv.edu
 Houston Culinary Do you have housing Zachary Curley 8125957739 zachary.curley@gmail.com Any
 I need to cancel my Enrollment How do I do that No Cody Cabala tiger64212@gmail.com no
 AMERICAN INTERCONTINENTAL UNIVERSITY ON LINE
 Enrollment I can't get pass this army question
 Ashford
 Hey
 Hello Where is the nearest AIU District of Columbia Washington DC the nearest Culinary and Baking
 Nevermindforgot what I was asked
 Hello I am looking for info on your on-line courses.  Are they self paced or do they still have weekly deadlines? No ma'am Project Management Completed is High School But I am military and have completed quite a few classes over the years So I was looking for a self paced because I am always on the go And but I would really like to finish my BA within the next year Thank you! Thank you for the offer but I'll keep looking.  I have found a few self paced schools but not one that has a project management program.  But I will keep you guys in mind! Thanks for the info!!
 Thanks
 hello how is your day going great i just wanted to say thank you for the job you do you really do affect people lifes and you should be very proud of yourself i think your a wonderful person have a good day
 hey I don't remember my password yes
 Why wont it let me set a password on my appliciation Ok Tabitha brown tabitha.tb50@gmail.com 3186073842
 Hi I filled out my application and fsa I wanted to know how long will everything take so I can start on the 4th of july online no I havent business administrations for my associates shyann robinson shyann.robinson1414@gmail.com 5178030066
 I am trying to fill out the fafsa and I am looking for information online yes I am A syudent Already I just need to finish the Fafsa
 Hello I wish to know what time the Houston campus opens tomorrow morning What time in the morning ? What time does business start? What time Ian the building open to the public ?
 I have all the correct information into for the e-signature but it won't let me continue. Janellejml@yahoo.com name:Janelle 2108100200
 Is my AIU email the same as my regular email?
 Im having trouble getting started with my application Yes faye Jackson Jamal yusef Harrison 916 912 8293 123jamalyusef@gmail.com
 I haven’t enroll yet but I’m interested doing online classes. Forensic science Do you guys have that program available? Awesome! I haven’t done any studies out of the US. If I want to transfer colleges can my credits be transfer? Sacha Pierre-Louis 3854472230 wini95@gmail.com No I don’t No one at the moment
 hi i want to make enquiry about thr master in healthcare management i just about to round up a graduate certificate course in biomedical informaticscan i transfer the credit to the master in healthcare management? no
 . . hello online AIU campus . my question is is it possible for you to give me a little insight on my finacial aid and how it works ? . Does it come before or after the semester starts? Quanesha Watlington.  Email:quaneshareed94@gmail.com . . 336 340 3611 My sister Yes it is. She hasn't started her application yet but shes inrerested in AIU Not sure if her email but her direct number is 336 340 3611 Sorry that's my number. . lol 336 938 4903 and its Tonisha Glymph Okie dokie
 Hi I attend AIU Online Online I need to understand my financial aid disbursement on 6/25 I never got anything from it.. okay thank you
 I was a student at AIU and I pulled out because of family deaths and my advisor was Jim. I want to re-enroll if possible Cynthia Brown cindib907@gmail.com 7065903297 ok yes
 I’m sorry my phone froze.  I needed to speak with someone who could help me with regards to credits. 631 603 9668.  Valencia Raheem Yes
 What is my student email im filling out the fasfa application Im an ONLINE student Alexis lee mrs.alexis27@gmail.com 562-359-1539 Ok thanks I'll be back if i need anything else
 hello paul hope all is well just checking into classes that are are available in next 2 weeks.  do you have business regarding accounting if so is this one of the classes that start in a few weeks what about counseling...are there classes for such there...india529kcwt@gmail.com india stone (jay) thank you we will get back with you on that. we just want to make sure the classes are what we are looking for
 Hello I'm actually just now looking into starting college online and have a few questions on seeing if you guys offer realtor estate classes I'm also interested in interior design classes
 help western jacque? dad? harvard youre american?
 Well I actually just have a question... I took some classes about 9-10 years ago and was wondering how do I get my transcripts? Thank you
 Hello Robin Online I am already enrolled for July 4th class in information technology I am trying to set up my aim email.  Erik.sullivan@aol.com Aim email It keeps putting aim.  AIU email Yes That is the info I am asking for Yes 27794092 Joseph Sullivan Thank you very much for your assistance Okay That is all.  I am just entering it in my apps Thank you.  You as well
 Hello Kristen my son is applying for the school where do we have his high school send the transcripts for the Atlanta location for online school found it online first is therer a fax number also
 I was once a student there but I still owe a bill will I still be able to attend?
 Hello I am searching for a course description/syllabus for a class that I took from AIU. The course was Art Appreciation/ART205 Term B0503P 8/21/2005 - 11/12/2005 I'm hoping that I can find/print what I need from this. I appreciate your assistance in this matter. I found the course description. The program that I am attending is requesting the course syllabus. Where can I find this? Thank you were you still helping me with this matter? ok thank you for your assistance
 About going to that college and what are my requirement human resource management] bachelors Christina Brown chrissy8188@gmail.com 9019072106 The only thing I worry about is being financially able to go to school i don't have a phone right now im at work in the morning between 930am and 12 noon ok thanks no I stay in tennessee ok thank u
 Hello what is your school code
 I need help logging in I’m trying to complete an enrollment application I don’t know my user name or password and I tried resetting but it said my responses to the two questions are incorrect Keeonaellis@gmail.com Ok Yes they sent me the link to do the application and I can’t login Thx
 I am unable to vjew my courses.
 How do i get my transcripts? i cant remember my login. its been years
 I tried to tell Veronica that frank took on my email I cant log in because Frank Brown keep  coming up we have to change his user name and p. w. Sorry Robin I had to take a bathroom break one of us have to change Lorene Cwldwell No I am taking online business Management I live in MS
 Hi I was just wondering when I graduate since I’m doing online will I be able to go to the Atlanta campus and walk he field ?. So is it possible for me to be able to walk the field in Atlanta since it’s closer to me ?. Thanks.
 still am not recieving a passcode reset cannot login internet has been down here allot can you change my security questions please I know what they are ( and they say i am wron need updater also phone and enail addressansweres ) yes thankyou kristinsanchez7@gmail.com  phone # 208-605-0218  home address 514 5th st melba Idaho 83641 unit 2 just moved message email and phone mom-vicki larson larsonvick @gmail.com phone 208615-1918 school kristin.sanchez7@student.aiuonline.edu   thankyou kristin hi and thanks again confusing sometimes yes the weather and my new phone company can you text the password sometimes i get those faster can you change my security questions or give me new ones okay I will
 0000
 i cant see any of my online classes and cant remember my user name and password destiny motley 8703172588 cladellmotley@gmail.com we had a tornado in our town and were without power for over a week and wifi was out as well
 Hi Kristie I'm trying to get verification of degrees granted by your university to one of our candidates. Can you help with that? Nope - thank you!
 hey can i change my major hey this is chasity yes are they open today when hello are you still there what is people that change the phone number when are they open up what is they email address
 how are you am studyin computer science now i have a question in management infromation system its a diploma i will be done this year sir but help me with the question i send not yet sir am a zambian by the way and am doing my education in zambia zambian connected what next ?
 do u have online program for graphic design ? or some arts
 Hi do you have bachelor study in urban planning online study Geographic Information System thx
 online great I just need my username and password reset cherish jackson cher0790@gmail.com 317-531-9947 that's fine I have not spoken with an advisor yet. how do I reset my username and password ok please do no sorry do you have a business accounting program ok
 Help me enroll please I just tried and it won't let me and class starts 7/4/18 Criminal justice Some college I had attended University of Miami but I never finished I had to drop out to help my grandma but she has passed now and I'm ready to continue my education I wasn't there that long it was only a couple of months Can I start fresh? My name:9 Reginald Cummings be jr Email:. ashytynelipope@gmail.com Phone number'. 470-786-3666 My name is Reginald Cummings jr Ok around what time because I have to work from 8to 5 Well it's kinda more complicated than that I'm sharing phones at the moment could you contact me around 3 Ok thank you
 I am current a student perusing a master in Health Care Management. But I'm trying to see if it is too late to change my major back to management? Yes It's ok I can call my advisor. Thanks No not at this time.
 Do You offer Business Adm online High School and long time working experience Can You estimate tuition fee  per Year? I am otside USA I once registered with AIU for the same Course but one think made Me stop continuing with My programe on that University as They change Bank Account as I had no Credit Cardwithout informing MeSo I kept sending Money whilst t They were no longer using the Account.Can that one Year enrollment add any value to Study at Your University? Please stand as a middle Man  my email is medard@eternumenergy.com My Whasapp  is +255764601652My skype account is MED RWETAKA iIt was just n online.Yes I can check will send it You as soon as I will be home town Medard Leonard Kachubo Yes kachubomeddy@yahoo.com I think it was 2012/2013 still I can check my documents You can use this Email kachubomeddy@yahoo.comas the one I sent to You is for Office Use Thanks for Your response.Stay tuned Yes The same to You.You are welcome in Tanzania a Country with  wonderful National Parks
 Hello Kristie Actually I am a student Maybe you can help me if not I can contact my advisor.
 Want let me login shakerereeharvey@gmail.com
 Hello Kim I am interested in an instructor position. Ok thanks!
 How can I register to this Course ? I’m from Jordan and I will study online In this course Grade 12 Where !? In Jordan I will study Bacaloruos here I finished grade 12 I will study clothes designing Ok
 yes I do i need to login to my classbut my password want let me Elaine joneswelaine121@gmail.com4706735347 welain122@gmail.com welaine122@gmail.com
 Hello How do I site a blog in APA formet? Okay thank you Kirsten.
 hi i need help i have my high school diploma from dominica republic but i don't know where i can do my transcript to USA
 I am currently waiting for a representative from the admissions office to reach out to me.  I need to make sure AIU is state approved and licensed for the Georgia Professional Commission to approve me attending the university Are you able to tell me the state AIU is based in?  I need to contact the license department Is that the state of Illinois? Ok! Thank you Hopefully! I have to contact the state department to ensure the license ok No thing else.  Thank you!
 Im actually looking for online classes so i can get my batchelor But i have been told theres programs that are free and i am looking for something like that
 online Thinking about international business bs in criminal justice yes do you have one .. what about Bs ok.. thanks
 Hello. I have already obtained my bachelors in business administration specializing in entrepreneurship online from AIU. I just wanted to know how many more classes would I have to take to get a specialization in human resource management or accounting? Ok Is someone going to contact me? Seanera Wright. Swright812@yahoo.com 2403204884 Momentarily is fine Thankyou Ok
 Trying to
 Online I chose to start in August 82018 I'm stuck in my information! My name is Debra Totten tottendebra5@gmail.com and my landline is 816-541-3421 I have to have my application online and delivered by 8:30pm it is 7:57 now never mind
 online
 I DONT KNOW THE CAMPUSES BUT AM ENQUIRING IF YOU OFFER BACHELOR MINING ENGINEERING DEGREE THANK YOU FOR YOUR RESPONSE
 pressed chat by accident bot city bot bot city thank you im filling out an application at  the moment already yes  kendra me
 I already have a username and a password but when I forgot my mobile app I lost it all so I need to get it back my name is Julian Roybal Thank you Robin but the main issue is I need to finish this task before 9 Correct Yes Robin but I do not remember my password That's fine so I'll need to get back into the student login site
 I spoke with someone earlier over the phone and the advisor never emailed me the information online James Clark clarktougaloo1@fmail.com 2424 Capitol St Houston TX 77003 901 4171479 no he must didnt hear me correctly over the phone clarktougaloo1@gmail.com Yes I'll be completing my bachelors in sept. I look to start in October Will I be able to apply now How long is each class
 The user name you have for me is not me. I have never set up an account with you all nor have I ever received a student loan I believe someone has stolen my identity because my purse was stolen several years ago with my driver's license social security card birth certificate & everything in it Sheila Williams 903 220 1619 sheilawilliams072@gmail.com Yes I am hoping to qualify for a govt Grant to take online course to further my education
 Hello my name is Mary I start classes in July Can you tell me  a little more  about the  school
 try get in my iru app I cant get in to it aiu app don't know try get  it  I can you help me angel knight and 501 777 2985  and knight angel 676@gmial.com yes iam ohok ohok ohok ohok see if I can logn it now then not let me in on the aui app ohok
 HI IM INTERESTED IN GOING BACK TO SCHOOL BUT I HONESTLY DONT KNOW WHERE AND HOW TO START AGAIN WELL I WAS LOOKING ONLINE THANK YOU HIGH SCHOOL KENYA FORBES KENYAFORBES@YAHOO.COM 6465447539 IM AT WORK YES I AM A RESIDENT AND YES YOU CAN CALL ME TONIGHT AT 8 TOMORROW AT 1230
 ON THE PHONE WITH SARAH
 Hello Kristie I'm a current student started in may. I recently had surgery and I'm unable to keep up with online classes how do I cancel my enrollment Clorissa Scott cketurahscott@gmail.com 443-560-2904 No thanks
 Hello I attended about 8 years ago and I have some questions about how my loans were applied to the classes. Really I'm looking for a breakdown of how the benefit amounts were used. I only attended for one semester and I think more money was used than needed. Is that something you can help me with or do you know who I would contact about this? Thank you!
 Some one is talking me tru it think I'm good
 Hello I am trying to find out how to apply for a Grant No I am not Yes I am I would like to take online classes How would I actually start the process And how long does applying for a Grant take before you know that you are approved for the funds Business Accounting Janel Hayes jellynelly40@gmail.com 2404402335 Great Can we just continue to chat because im not able to talk right now because of my surgery Yes I am and will this be helpful to me as far as getting the Grant Sure I can try and talk to someone now about that because I need to get that established first before I go any further so I will have some understanding of how much I will have to come up with. 12:00 will be fine Okay thank you very much and I don't know anyone right now but I will keep that in mind. You as well
 Good Morning I wanted to know when will be the next tour for AIU Atlanta ok thanks a lot I will try to schedule one for this week
 try to  log in forgot user name yes I needto update my app Angela Scott angelavscott73@gmail.com 9727486997 ok I got it
 What do you offer for 13b
 I want to become an online student today what ones do you offer online? Healthcare Management please I graduated high school in 2003 Erin Delaney 1-607-281-7258 delaneye928@yahoo.com Jacque are you still there?
 I’m not looking to ask about a specific campus I am wondering if you can give some guidance on bake to get a copy of my diploma? How Ok thank you Thank you!
 Hello hi my name is Teresa Williams and I'M wanting information about the next start date for classes in July I wanted to go to school for my bachelor's degree but need more information about how much and how long This school I've looking at for online High school diploma.. pitbulltweety650@yahoo.com and 6509216339 I work so I want to switch my career because I work in hospital.. I'm single In food service so I wanted to get my bachelor's in healthcare management.. I'm at work can't talk til 9am.. in 2hours But I want to pursue my career thank you.. I be waiting Thanks
 Atlanta
 Good morning
 having problems login in
 I would interested in online from home
 Online I am currently enrolled My account is showing I have a credit balance . Will that be mailed to me ? Credit balance after paying for remaining classes s Ok thank you so much !
 I was talking to soneone and i lost the connection Barbara bizzell. 7606206166 evansbarbara1936@g.ail.com Yes thank you OK
 I was talking to Leonard and we.got disconnected I can just call Leonard on his line
 Hi Kim my name is Jeff and I'm interested in Business Administration. Do you evaluate military experience?
 I’m sorry my phone froze.  I needed to speak with someone who could help me with regards to credits. 631 603 9668.  Valencia Raheem Yes
 How long are online degree semesters? Rather how long are online classes? 3 months?
 Are u a girl
 No thank
 My dad was in the army not me. That's what I'm trying to do but the military part is thinking I was in the military and that's what I need help with Yeah she was on the libe but we got disconnected Sure Joseph Rakes Josepharakes33gmail I'll get back or send a gmail please
 Good afternoon I just want to know if my application is completed are you there
 Hi. Is there a price list or option to take individual classes? correct I am already enrolled in a degree class and I am seeking options for some additional online classes but I realize I would have to pay for them myself so I just need a price range to see if I am wasting my time Nicole I don't have my schedule with me but I know I need some language arts classes so 425/credit hour correct? I don't think that is necessary at this time is it? ok no worries just wanted pricing info at this time thank u
 YES SURE I WILL LIKE TO START TO SCHOOL THERE BUT ONE POBLEM I DONT HAVE TRASNTION HATTESBURG MS CJ
 Hi this is Jasmine Bolden am an online at AIU I cant log in I have forgotten my password and my username as well jpoohbear070@gmail.com Okay Thank you for helping me
 Hey do you guys offer financial aid refunds when there's funds left over? Ok awesome. Is it every semester within 3 weeks? Or does AIU have a different way of doing it? I do not know yet I have a previous degree in business management and I am looking into doing something related to my previous degree or something different Sorry I am researching various universities and I do not want to solicited with calls or emails from different universities like I have in the past. I would rather gather info and make informed decision without being bombarded No
 yes I am yes 217-730-6542 but they will not be able to reach me now on chat maybe would that work well what time do they come in how 10:30 tomorrow yes that will work to I can not think of anyone off hand
 I would like to cancel it
 Hello Robin I would to know how many classes are required to be considered full time at the Graduate level? Thanks. Online MBA with a concentration in HRM. Bachelor's Degree in Bus. Admin. NO. You asked three questions so far. What happened to my first question? Thanks.
 I would like to apply for readmission.  what is the process i would have to take AIU online Bachelors degree in Business Administration with specialization in human resources karolyn felix karolyn229@hotmail.com 305-587-4988 anytime after 10:00 am central time ok thanks
 Do y'all have anything in special education
 I dont remember my passwo6 Really need help Pass word
 Good afternoon Patrick my name is Victoria Stotts and I was a student there awhile back and am interested in completing my degree.  What is the re-entry process?  I am former military and have Chapter 9/11 @ 80%. victoria.stotts@hotmail.com Yes Sure 478-279-2190 Thank you Patrick for your assistance.
 Hi Online M ed adult education and training BA Arts but a professional teacher Ghana I want to know the cost of the masters degree chosen Good
 Hi there Thanks for reaching out I am looking at applying for a Full Time Faculty position (online/remote) in the Education field/department I am in North Dakota -- I have my PhD in Education/Instructional Design & Technology How long has AIU been around? thanks how long as the AUI online program been in existence? Nice :) About how many students online & student on campus at AIU? Yes - I was attempting - the website user interface was not entirely intuitive and then your chat message popped up Yeah you as well
 where is the school located the online capus where is the online capus based from business associate degree im applying for my fafsa and i cant find the federal school code for aiu william meyer stacker.free@gmail.com 3376546040 1402 Louisiana Ave  Lafayette Louisiana 70501 yes thats right
 Hi I am an online student at AIU and I was wondering how do I get my student ID card for student discounts? what is the virtual campus? LaQuntia Day my old number is 7862459703 423 NW 9TH Street apt. 16 Miami FL 33136 YES What do I searh? search? In what? I am logged in but I don't see a search bar. I did it but nothing came up Just something about a higher one access card which I cannot use. I don't have a phone at the moment when I get a phone I will call my advisor. okay. thank you
 hi I am alumni from 2008.  I was wondering if any of my old emails was still in my account.  The system doesn't recognize me email address. I was at AIU Houston do you know what the deadline date is for withdrawl for full refund partial refund for a January class start date?  Is that spring semester?
 Hello. My name is Steven. I’m active duty Navy. Does AIU do unofficial evaluations of JST? Steven Whitsitt. Whitsittsteven@gmail.com 3612303910 I’m just curious as to what degree program would easily translate my military experience And to answer a question it’d be online I am not unfortunately I’m actually deployed at the moment so any transactions would need to be via email That’d be wonderful! Thank you! Have a great day
 Please provide the address for Transcript processing Is your transcript processing address: P.O. Box 68009 Schaumburg Il 60168 Is P.O. Box 68009 Schaumburg Il 60168. Not sure If  I need the online address. What is the main campus transcript processing address? Thank you!!
 I put my password in and it says that it's incomplete Recently enrolled Christopher Duncan irisduncan81@gmail.com 8706519233 Thanks I start July Yes Ok Thanks
 Hello My name is Joseph How much is msc IT Online based No Am a Kenyan working in iraq Joseph Waweru getngure@gmail.com I am a Kenyan I did my bsc in UK I was taught in english Ok Thanks
 I can't remember exactly how to login to the student portal the website the email address my password and I need to get a new password too please Aiu Atlanta No I'm a former student No I sure didn't I just need to check and retrieve some very important emails My email address is M.Thompson149@my.aiuniv.edu Something like that I need to get my new Facebook password
 yes I wanting to continue my education. I do not have a ged/hsd can i enroll in your college?
 Hi was just trying to understand your accreditation
 Insure Call me 313 695 2840  yes
 Norton Secured Seal
 hello i need to reset my password kimmie0102@yahoo.com
 cant login into my account
 What is the cost per credit hour please Hospitality Management No. Just wanted to know how much the tuition was before continuing
 Yes what are the password requirements?
 hello i want to sign up for le cordon bleu but it sent me to this site. yes yes not sure if i want to give that info
 I'm trying to figure out how to get the part of my application to change my program to Associates degree and not sure where. Since its complete I can't open it. Yes I can call her to walk me thru. Mary Harrell I'll just call Ms. Worthy but thanks. You also!
 Hi i am just trying to get official transcripts thank you very much I have already sent someone to this college. As of right now there isn't anyone else I can think of. Sorry
 The one in ILLINOIS Healthcare Management I am trying to get the mobile app on my iphone Don't know I will try it I hope so thanks
 how to i fillZip Code? Houston
 Hello I order a transcript and have not receieved
 Hello robin do u guys do ged classes Online I dont have a high school diploma or ged I have to have that first before i can go further Right? Ok ty have a nice day Thx
 Hey there! Is the Criminal Justice with Forensic Science 100% online? No thanks though. I was just curious if it was online only. Not sure how one would get hands on experience with an online only approach  Especially with forensic science. Yes I saw that Thanks for the info Have a great evening!
 What can I do    in how long would I get my grant money
 Hello I saw a listing looking for an adjunct professor. I am trying to apply. I have a Ph.D. in Education with a specialization in Leadership and Educational Administration. Thank you You do the same.
 Im just curious about the process of returning back to the school I used to go to AIU Kail Roberts kailroberts03@gmail.com 1059 Preston St. Sierra vista Az 85635 7605293389 Over the phone? Not at this moment. I can email or do this chat thing. I won't be able to talk on the phone until Friday afternoon.
 Yes my name is deedee lewis i am interested in cj class 5405195677 and deedeelewis1535@gmail.com 12grade and no Ok that sound fine Not yet Ok
 No speak English Me speaking Spanish 😭 No se inglés
 Hi how long is the health care program and can I travel with the degree
 Hello I am looking for culinary courses And do you know how i can contact le cordon blue? I have been trying to call to the number they have but it is discconecte Okk thanks
 Online I have a question about SmartThinking are you able to assist me with that? Thank you for your time. Have a great evening
 Online
 Hi Liane My name is Jerron Stewart jes123stl@gmail.com 404 731 4893 Can you please assist me with accessting my school email? yes online I'm logged in now I'm not sure what my email password is when I click on email its asking for a password ok thanks is the correct my email address jerron.stewart@student.aiuonline.edu? ok thanks
 Yes I got my bachelor and started my master. My master was in Education and where I applied needs the description of all the education classes that I took okay thank you
 I apologize Miss Kristin I'm having such a horrible time trying to get in touch with the private Christian school I went to to get a copy of my diploma the principal Pastor passed away 5 years ago and now the school has closed. There has to be some type of way I could get in touch with someone to get a copy of my diploma. I have tried every single thing I could think of and nothing is working out right. Do you have any suggestions that I might could try? Thank you so very much for your time and concern Miss Kristen
 I was just checking too make sure my application was on file womack.danita@yahoo.com I think tomorrow at 3:15pm Eastern time Thanks
 Take me off your mailing list please Mary Kline email: justmyaction@yahoo.com
 Hi I would like to know how do I get my official transcript
 Hello I completed my application but I need to make a change in the start date and can not. I wish to take classes online Lorie Haydon loriehaydon@yahoo.com JHolmes@aiuniv.edu has been helping me but I am at work not and cant take phone calls. He is going to call me later today better for my time. Thank you.
 I’m tying to apply for grant Online classes
 graduate 7 2014  looking for my email account for my transcripts
 Hi. My question is does AIU evaluate foreign transcript or the applicant must to evaluate with outside evaluation services? I’m inquiring Atlanta campus
 Hi Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (BSIT) Degree with a Specialization in How much the total fees? Mofadhi mofadhi2003@yahoo.com Diploma in Network Administration after High school I am from Saudi Arabia No I have an experience in IT...about 18y are they accepting PLA process toward the degree? Yes i have so many friends and they can get tuition assistance from employer However most of them having a professional certification I need to coordinate with them first what about accreditation?
 hello can you help me with some benifits of network administrator system benefits in real life of system administrator?
 Hello Im thinking about going back to school for a Buss. admin I see classes start Juky 4 July When is the next classes I will need to apply for FA
 I would love to go back to my classes s I was enrolled a couple months ago B business Thank u Lee Ann Raycher.      leetuschel@yahoo.com.  715-944-9452
 Online Office mang GED. No Mark. Lewis. Johnbostic3@gmail.com. 9102349128 Q Please don't contact me. Dude ask. Some of the dumbest question Some one false
 How do I order my transcripts?
 Hi Kirsten Does AIU accommodate military Online I was looking at a degree in buisness some college Terrell 504-408-4186 Wilson_tj24@yahoo.com yes and thank you
 Can u have advisor call me They called me I didn’t know the number I didn’t answer it Thanks What town is it in Ok 860 961 2235 my number I need a class online That’s number the 860 Crystal Tremonte
 Trouble logging in! Yes
 Hi I was trying to get a list of lenders that this school is associated with because I am having problems with giving parental information on my fasfa. i am but I only started in May. I just haven't finished submitting my fasfa because I needed my dependency override. yes but I wanted to set up a payment plan to pay out of pocket but she has not given me information yet so I wanted to see a list of the lenders for this school because I do not want to get kicked out or anything. Yes. Cheyenne Barr cheyenne.barr@student.aiuonline.edu 3462494524 yes
 do you have some in ultrasound certificate online because I work every day and I don't have time I'm doctor but I graduated in San Carlos University in Guatemala here I don't have a degree I'm a resident I'm a permanent resident I appreciete so much your help. Thanks thanks!!! you too
 hi I am an employer and wanted to verify that an applicant that is being considered for hire has a valid degree from your institution.  who would i contact? thank you!
 Hello. I’m trying to see what additional information I need to provide regarding my homeschooled diploma in order to be accepted into a online program at your university. Other than the diploma. It stated to provide “additional education documents”. Not yet. Not sure I will be available during the open hours. I work from 8-8. What are the hours of operation? Are you an admission person? I just asked a general question. I do not need to schedule a call back right know. Do you know the answer to the question? Are you or are you not able to answer the question? why are you a chat advisor if you are only referred potentional students to advisors? We don’t need help with being redirected.
 Hi Kirsten I am looking at applying to your school to get an AA in criminal Justice Online Alicia Abbati aabbati86@yahoo.com 714-824-1375 Is there a phone number I can contact later?  I'm not able to answer my phone at the moment Late afternoon like around 3pm Thank you! No thank you
 I'm looking for my unofficial transcripts I do not have my login info Illinois I was online Do
 hello am not your student but am interested in joining i would like to make some inquiries my name is Lasu Jacob from SOUTH SUDAN in AFRICA I would  like to know if there are scholarship opportunities.
 Hi Kim. I previously attended classes at AIU online and I was wondering how do I gain re-entry. I'm not avialable to connect by phone right now. I'll be available in about teo hours. Sasha Graham...sashagraham966@yahoo.com...229-308-9218 ok. Thanks No one at the time.
 Hi can you help me i can sign my appliation Hell Anyone There Stephania Noel noelstephanha@gmail.con
 What are the requirements for attending class daily? Do you have to attend a certain amount of time daily? So I dont have to attend so many hours a day? Just whenever i am available? Perfect! I am currently enrolled for the associate degree in business administration that begins on July 4th. Was just curios about that requirement
 I am trying to hook my email up with my school app whats that AIU student app no Ma u too
 Online. What is the next class start date after the 4th of July start date? No. I have an Associate from AIU was looking at continuing since I have a few months left on GIBill/911. Business Mngt I'll have to contact school tomorrow have to take care of something.
 Good Morning call you please tell me the fax # Financial Aid I need to fax my IRS paperwork yes k he send me a email telling me what I need to fax him I just need AIU fax # No. You have a blessed day. thanks
 Is there another phone number for the Vice President of AIU Hello Hello Hello Ok I already looked That number doesn’t work
 Hi my name is Crisol i al from Mexico I live at the border how would it work for me getting a degree? Online I do wanna ask.. which one do’u recomend for a beginner ? I have basic knowledge in admin hospitality and finances
 I don't now username louise fortson 2699212494 lmftigger123@gmail.com on my way to work about 900 pm
 it says I already have an account ok.if so I cant remember it Elaine jones /welaine121@gmail.com/4706735347 ok ok
 Hello I would like to know if this university offers an undergraduate degree in education specializing in science education Sorry I forgot to add at the secondary level I am a citizen of Antigua and Barbuda I have an associate degree in education from the university of the west indies I majored in science and minored in math Evaluated? I do not understand I'm hoping to be able to complete the course via distance if that is possible I am also open to a hybrid course if that is avaliable Online My Name is Michelle Toussaint email missmscgeorge@gmail.com and telephone 268-722-4976 Yes Tomorrow any time after 10 OK Thanks
 hi i would like to start online school again and i have attend others schools but i don't have the official transcript. i owe a bal and probably cannot get them Joanna gandy 425 county rd 56 evergreen al 36401 2512272832 i am ms.rudolph24@yahoo.com at work about 4 I more than likely need scholarship info not  at this time working on myself
 Hello I want to sign up for online classes for a degree for education because i want to be a teacher for pre-k i graducate from thomas country central high school thomasville ga no but thanks you good bye
 hi how long are the courses? where can I find a school schedule? how long would it take to get a bachelors degree? healthcare management how long are the 69. or 12 weeks? no how many weeks are the courses? yes do u know how many weeks the courses are? no thank you
 Hello please can you tell me how can i aplly in.and how many part a student can take ?
 Good after. Can I chat now? Helo In online In Atlanta
 Hello my name isSharina Nelson I’m having trouble with my transcript information No my irs tax transcripts Treazuretre6@gmail.com You there Yes thankyou Thankyou
 HelloRobin I am an online student looking to change my specialization. I am currently enrolled in BBA specialization Le Cordon Bleu Hospitality Management however I am considering changing it to specialize in accounting I took accounting in high school and did well I believe that this would be a good change for me as it would be easier for me to use my degree to get a job. My ID is 27292483 ok thank you I will e-mail her
 how much is the tuition fee thank you master's degree in accounting bachelor degree in accountancy from Philippines but I only seen master degree in business administration how much it will cost So I read it correctly your price is almost 3x of CH Online course anyhow I just inquire and comparing for now. Thanks for answering my queries bye for now
 i missed putting down my ssn on the enrollment form and it will not let me go back to it. robert fallon 2762100760 limabeanmaster1@gmail.com
 hi I 'm enrolled which campus you on don't know Nicole.Porterfield@Ymail.com Did ya'll  receive my financial aid Kristina Porterfield any time ok thanks
 online i currently attended already and wanted info about reentry my name is kiara charde' ruth if you can look  up my information kiara.ruth@sccpss.com 2298093802 yes yes i c an not talk right now thats why i did the chat i ouldve called myself could've im at work ad was trying to multitask. thanks ill call at a laer date later date when after 6 i will be hoe but with limited internet access home i apologize for the typo Thanks
 hello can you please give me the link to parchment to order transcripts please? I misplaced it! no thank you!  that was all l needed.
 Online I'm not sure of what programs you all offer Healthcare management High school some colleges No Elisha Robinson 318-624-6471 Elisha.rob85@gmail.com Ok
 additional documents I put it in then whats nexts Christina miller 317-260-1645 christinamiller2.cm@aol.com yeah its done tomorrow 9:00am ok thanks
 Hello. online
 Hi Paul I would like to obtain my Masters degree. But would like to focus on academic advising. Which programs do you offer that would fit this field. Thanks! Northern Illinois University.  BA in Psychology. Nope Yes I have their number. I'll give them a call later and ask them more in depth about the degrees. Thank you!
 Hello I'm inquiring about the Atlanta GA campus but I want to take online classes Well I'm considering the bachelor in HR but I'm not sure if it's offered Ok what is the total amount of the program? I don't want to register I just want information about the program Brenda Phillips (404) 948-8588 phillips_randy@bellsouth.net I also have credits from other schools that I want to transfer if I decide the school fits my needs The best time is at 10:00 am can I ask how much another program costs? BBA Spec in HM ok ok thanks please don't close the chat until I write down the advisor's info thanks I don't know anyone that's interested but I will let them know if they're interested in going to school online Ok thanks for your help same to you!
 morning i wish to study online . I previously studied at the university of maryland and have 120 credit hours in Aviation mgt. Can I be able to transfer to your institution? and finish my degree? business administration specializing in aviation. i have already completed all my aviation classes My name is Philip Gitau -Email is gitau58@hotmail.com and my tel number is +243818907126 Kenya but currenty working in DR Congo do you accept transfer credits?
 online I have attended before and had to leave and wanting to re enroll. I was getting my bachelor in business of accounting janetcruz454@gmail.com ok anytime after 5:30pm or 6pm. I have change my phone number which is 678 789 4265 ok thanks you too and thanks
 I just saw an ad for Proficiency credit taking assessments to test out if courses. What is the limit for how many classes you can test out of in any one degree program? Right. But how many classes can be exempted? Through this process. Jeremy fulk. email is jeremeyfulk@hotmail.com If someone could send me information about how many classes I could exempt that would be great. I’ll just keep that to myself now. Communicating. Is email is sufficient. I just need an answer to my specific question about the number of classes that can be exempted by assessment. Thank you. I’m ready for the answer to my question. I don’t quite understand why we can’t find that out today. They can just email the information I’ve requested. I’m not able to talk just now and I prefer email in any case. Thanks
 Hello How will I get the grant I am a kenyan and wants to travel to America so help me know how to get this and help me continue with my studies My brother is in Newjersey so he will partly pay my fees and my parents Like Okay Is the Bursary given to only students from America? Ok
 Hello my name is sylinda and I'm interested in going to your school but I want to do it online Not pay for room and board Criminal justice Been talking with Daniel Truelove and I want to start August 8th Where am I paying for room and board when I want to do this online I understand that but I don't want to live on campus I want to do it online Okay maybe I looked at it differently or did something different but I still coming with room and board attached Ok Daniel Truelove But I can call him Thanks
 Good evening I have a question about my program I am currently enrolled in Bachelors in Health Care Management. However I wanted to be enrolled in Bachelors of Business Administration w/ a specialization in Health Care Management Cameron Brownlee (27704545) camjabro@gmail.com 346-300-7236 She is actually out of the office until Wednesday however this is important. Can you have someone from Student Advising contact me with what I should do until she returns? Thank you another question... Are online advisers able to help with school work or only getting in touch with the correct department and technical support issues Ok I appreciate your help that's all I have for now. Thank you -- Have a great day
 I need know about my money for college Can you help me
 when was this year's graduation in Atlanta GA? I'll apply for reentry in the graduate program for m master's Thanks! Online.. I have to go pick up my daughter. thank for the info Good night! I'm sorry I already talking to someone just wanted to check the graduation dates this year.
 I took online classes and I was trying to see how do I get my transcripts ok thank you
 Irene Horace Okay
 Hello.... I’m Alumni I’m looking for my transcripts... who do I call?
 it says my answers wrong and i know thir rightr i need to change my password melissa melisssyjaiver@gmail.com 3509 ostrum rd apt 1 belding michigan 6163254533 my collage advisor is on the phone now with as well it wont let me it says all my stuff is wrong ok
 How do I order an official transcript? Thank you
 I will talk with you more later.  I still need to check with the V.A. thank you.
 Hello I am seeing an error on my log in page to log in to do my home work or AIU student log in. Kalongilonnie@gmail.com The site came up for me to log in but a message that an error is occurring. Lonnie.Garner5 can you log in and see the same error yes
 hi what are you guys fasfa school id?
 Hey Im looking to get a bacelor degree of interior design I have a diploma from boxhill college Aha okay thank you Interior design only
 hey im interesting in enrolling in the phebotomy class with in 3 months and i wanted to know more info on the cost for schooling and how long are the courses ? im looking forward  to starting very soon just need a better in sight on the training course okay i need to know this type info to be ready to enroll My name is Justina Wilson email: BabyAmommie@icloud.com 7089647852
 HI WHEN DOOES CJASS START ONLINE.. I WANT TO STUDY PHYSOCLOGY YESHEALTHCARE MANAMENT NO. I COMPLETED HIGH SCHOOL IN NORTH CAROLINA. Mrs.TAMMY D.EDMUNDSON 919-634-9366
 ok what jobs do you guys have
 cna i change my major yes or no yes yes
 Hello Im a new student and I need Some Help with a few things I need help accessing my classes on my my mobil phone I have the AIU App...my name is Kenneth Campbell Email Kc817390@gmail.com my phone number is 3233595400 one second please thankyou ok
 I need to get a copy of my official transcripts as well as a copy of my actual degree can you help me Thank you
 Do y'all supply a computer I can't get a computer right now thanks
 Hello can you tell me how much classses are Online Business Management Yes Ok great will do India Johnson 7064911910 j.india92@yahoo.com
 Hi I've never enrolled n it says that I've got an account never enrolled How hard is it to get gtant shawn48ohio@gmail.com 206 3763593 No I'm trying to figure out how niw Business
 Hi! I have been taking to Judy and I was thinking it might be better if I were to attend a classroom type college. Is it too late to change my mind? *talking Andrea Downing 15601 Foliage Ave Apple Valley Mn 55124 952-657-9601 I feel just terrible about changing my mind but I think it would be more beneficial if I am in a classroom type environment. If I am already enrolled I will go here 😊
 Hello. How do I get readmitted. Daryl Perkins. student ID 27476391 All my info shouls be on file ok. Thank you Okay. Do you know what number they will be calling from Okay Okay. I will be waiting on the call Nobody at this time Thanks for your help
 Online and Information Technology MA+ in Nuclear and Particle Physics Stanley Rzepecki rez2@cox.net Sorry Phone Number 978-590-5281 I will be out tomorrow but any day after that is fine 10-ish and I am getting excited about this! After 4:00PM? But We’d or Thursday is better . No but I served. I look forward to your call. My brother might although he is only interested in a degree if it will help him financially... but I could talk with him positively about more education.
 How can you  help in the leasan Yes What did you tile today Did you tell Larsen university
 Hi I have been trying to call technical support for two days and no one is picking up do you have an alternate phone number? thanks they are not answering at that number and have not answered my emails is there a direct number? I will try thanks faculty
 Hi.i just want to know if im quality to study online Im a Filipinaim living in US Yes I have high school diploma I want to study Bachelor degree in medical management Not in USin Philippines I don't have yet Ok thank you very much for the info
 Yes my computer is loading slow I do apologize I am an online student I am currently a student with AIU I am needing information on scholarships and grants to help me continue my education Gardrena Williams gardrena@yahoo.com 408-487-9263 480-487-9263 If he is currently available now that will be great Whenever I call Financial Aid I always get the automated system The systems informs me all FA's are currently unavailable Thanks Thank yo so much have a great day>
 I need to request a copy of my unofficial transcript thank you
 online.  Am already a student but I cant get no direct answers about my finanacial aid.  I hate to be kicked out for no reason.  I been trying to contact the right person in finanacial aid all morning but nothing has prevailed
 I am a current online student and I was trying to find where it shows what careers I can get with my degree
 im attempting to inquire the cost per credit hour online thank you for the info BA in Business Admin however I was more interested in a BS in that field Not at this time but I may follow up after assessing my options currently my employer offers a good discount with AIU but I'd like to weigh all my options
 HI I can't log into my  email online I'm an alumni
 I've never had an account with you before  as I entered my email address it says I have an account. But I don't. Ok Yes my name is Olatokunbo Lateef Lawal my email address is olawal325@gmail.com my cell number is 678 499-4273 10th grade
 Kirsten...is graphic design taught at any of your locations? thanks
 my brother is a discharged vet and he was asking me about going back to school I did what would he neednto do to go back to school he said business management because he wants to run his own business he doesn't have an e mail but his name is Larry Clark and ya can call him on my phone 7653387978 Monday morning around 8 or 9 ok that works
 yes I need to the software key for the word excel... to download to my laptop...how do I get that
 HI Jacque not sure what all you offer I am looking for a LPN to RN bridge program Aww I reside in Florida ok thank you so much enjoy the rest of your weekend
 I'm having trouble logging in Kelly fountain kelly41042@gmail.com 8593223493 Online Yes please I need to apply for finial aid and I don't know the school I'd Ok thank you
 Hello ma'am Good morninf This amosu abosede racheal I want to ask some question Can i?? Hello Yes Am a nigerian Am studying in philippine I have been given admission already Healthcare management They sent me my i-20 already since one month ago but i couldnt go to the embassy cos my step dad was sick but unfortunately i lost my step dad last week And the school will resume by first week of junewhich means i cant use this i-20 again cos of the date the embassy will tell me to come back So my question now is that is it possible for the school to send me another new i-20 And also i want to change my sponsorship name to my mum's nameis it possible
 hi... just start searching am in CA huhmmm...sounds good no deciding yet "not"
 Yes Paul Hello I am Joyce Fincher I am trying to get all My Fasa paper work done. no Joyce Fincher fincherjoyce09@gmail.com 706-585-1324 ok ok thank you so much I will contact her tomorrow I dont have anyone at this time but will tell my friends Thank you  have a blessed evening
 hello can you help obtain my un official transcripts will i still beable to get back into my student account shayvion andrews i dont have my phone number and email address when i attended will you like my current yes i need my transcripts for a job yes but want beable to start until september im a work at the moment i need to get my transcript asap
 how do i get to themain site from here classrom
 I am look for program that fit me Houston online i what online campus Name: Frances williams phone number: 832-724-7817 email: franniew97@gmail.com Interest in information Technology No miltary experience In the evening at 6:30 hope that will work for advisor ok i will Ok thank you
 Hi Liane I've already spoken with an advisor earlier but I have two questions She said she would have put a link in the email she sent me on where to find the national median pay for the possible degree I want to go for. I can't find that link. Do you happen to have it by chance? 2) I know some colleges let the students work and or life experiences count towards credits. Do you guys do that? ok ok cool thanks!
 I wanna study online Grade 12. I'm a South African citizen Yes Business Administration Okay I was doing English as my First additional language. Yes Goodness Ngoma. 0783536098. goodnessngoma19@gmail.com Okay thanks. Can you also help me with the application? Okay thanks for your help. Thank you.
 I was just applying on line when i got ur live chat Text David Jones outlunch18@gmail.com 316 2094312
 How do I apply for grant Not yet G mail. Com know Yes
 Forgot my password to Aiu yes ok
 No not really!  I just need the stupid thing fixed. No not at Aall. Why do I need to be contacted? It just needs to be fixed. The correct name is Michael Wanglie.
 hello I filled out the online app for admissions and don't think I finished your process.  I need to know how to get credits transferred from straighterline.com to your university straighterline.com lists you as a partner college yes my name is David Byrd my email is davidbyrdinc@gmail.com and my phone number is 806-420-3921 well I'm at work are we able to talk tomorrow when I'm off? I think around 8-10am tomorrow morning well I just need to transfer a few credits to your school because you are a partner school with straighterline.com and then I can have you send a transcript if possible to Tyler Junior College so that my diploma can be issued. So basically I was in the Respiratory Care program at Tyler Junior College and a month before graduation my director came to me and said I was lacking two classes to graduate which I then took on straighterline because it was self paced and I could do it very quickly. my degree was respiratory therapy which I have completed minus the classes I had to complete on straighterline.com Ok awesome. Thank you for all your help! I look forward to speaking with him. I don't know anyone else who could use your service because all my friends have graduated but if this works out I will refer people to your school for certain thank you
 Hi I am inquiring about online campus I am interested int he Bachelor of Science and Information Technology high School my phone number is 775-221-6322 stephaniergweingartner@gmail.com How long is the program my bf but you dont seem to have what he is interested in Electrical Enginnering ok
 Yes i will like to know how can i withdraw from a course? Corlattha Mitchell corlatthajohnson@gmail.com 7692268895 ok
 I tried answering security questions was told incorrectly log in mother’s maiden name I know my mothers maiden name. Irma walker (7134332276 )email -Irma-walker@att.net
 Can you please tell me how I can dis enroll from the campus? jennifermosley@mindspring.com Frankly I cannot attend classes at this time for personal reasons with that  mix in with work situation. I informed Alex of my work situation. I also missed one of his calls because I was at work. i was running late. I have always called him back right away or didn't miss a single call. One time i missed and he never stopped calling. I cannot pick up my cell at work and before I could call him back he had called 3 times in the day and he just keeps calling. I work a lot and with the demand they expect and calls they expect out of me I cannot do it. Usually when a person calls and all those calls I just became fed up.  Not even three hours passed by and he was calling again while I was at work. I thought college was for me but it's not at this time. I am not staying. I work 40 hours a week. I just want to leave. I do not want it anymore. I never had a school call me so many times. I stopped all communication because it was a little obsessed.   I explained my situation to him and he didn't care. Now you aren't even listening to me.
 Hello someone called me from AIU and left a phone number but I couldn't hear the last two digits... Do you know what department has a number starting with 888 810 45? No they were in a department that handles people who have graduated I don't think so
 i am talking on the phone now with you guys thank you
 hello I am just wondering is it possible to get my master degree in account if I did my undergraduate in Business Administration with a Business Information Systems concentration ? ok thank you
 Hi Paul...I am an ex-AIU student. I completed by Associates in Bus. Admin from AIU in 2005. If I want to pursue Bachelor's degree in same line will all of my previous credit from Associate degree apply towards my bachelors? Also what is the current cost per credit hour? I was looking Business programs such as Bus. Admin Mgmt Oper. Mgmt Arpita Chowdhury (pka Kabra) arps2011@yahoo.com 9047297028 will all of my previous credit from Associate degree apply towards my bachelors? for instanace if I go for Bus. Admin BAchelors since I did Bus. Admin. Associates form AIU (earned 90 credits with honors) ok I don't have anyone on my mind right now
 Hello I am looking for job links i HAVE JUST GRADUATED Sorry for caps thanks
 Hello I'm strongly considering withdrawing from the school I started May 30th 2018 No not yet
 Do I Have to pay to get started? I Dont Really know How to get in to do my application it giving me a hard time they said my username yall have already Vanshiontona Charleswww.taigacharles@yahoo.com 3774591757 no
 I need my old class (Weston 2002-2005) email account . My name is Therese Hammes. It's been years since I accessed it. The school shut down.We were told the email accts. were forever. Can I get mine? I forget the naming convention. thammes@aiufl.edu I think but it may have ben therese.hammes@aiufl.ude. This is an emergy. emergency I need a back up email. I was roobed and y phone stonen. stolen. stolen... can you take care of it? ok
 Hello. I am a former student and I am trying to locate a copy of my transcript
 How are you? Blessed Is this a computer? I'm a student conducting research for my project on successful growing universities.I believe you have great experience in working with non-traditional universities. If you don't mind I'd like to know who your influencer in higher ed may be/which sites you may get your resources from? I got it thanks!
 I am already a Student I am unable to login keep getting an error page ok
 Hello what is the total tuition cost for your associates in business and administration program Do you have a program that is cheaper Don't really want to speak to anyone just want to know if there is program that's cheaper that's all thanks and please Ok I will .. but how much is the tuition for that and does financial aid pay for it?
 Hello Yes. I have a question about the Business Hospitality for the Le Cordon Bleu course Will that course instruct cooking ? My name is Alacia Parham laciaparham15@gmail.com and 470-316-4672 Okay
 I was chatting with Kristy and we got disconnected. Is she available? Thank you Now do you have any information? That will be great. I really appreciate it Thank you. I will contact you at a later date about cost. Have  a wonderful day and take care.
 Hello! I was wondering where I could find a list of summer courses offered? Atlanta or online Associates and no I was only wanting to take a summer course MGT 310 I would prefer not to. Where can I find this at online?
 Hii'd to know more information about the next session Sorry !
 Online i am wondering the cost for bachelor's in health care administration Tom what is the basic cost are laptops included in cost. What is your placement stats Tom kelley reach out to leftclover@gmail.com. no phone call yet. Fall semester
 hello Sorry am not your student but interested in the school my name is Lasu Jacob from Africa i never studied from the US I would like to make some inquiries
 I wanted to go back to finish getting my associates in business administration. But i also need some information sent to look at too. Yes sir No sir That would be a negative Lakisha Louise Cox email- lakishac333@gmail.com # 8323434666 I'm hearing impaired so my friend will be helping me I can't exactly remember the precise date but I believe it was around 2013?? Somewhere around that vicinity. My contact information was different. I was living in Baytown tx at the time. 8328925050 was my contact number back then The appreciation is mutual I have a friend whom would benefit But I would like an information packet as well I wanted to look into other classes I'd have to ask her if she would like to go to AIU first before giving her information out Is it possible i could have an information packet sent to me? Thank you. Much appreciated
 Good morning I’d like to make AIU my school of choice Online I’m not sure I’m thinking you’re bba in healthcare management Great Kate Burch 262-800-2001 Katie.burch25@gmail.com Yes I am
 I need to cancel my application no i havent oh okay i just did an application online i wasnt sure my phone number is 9184942902 ext 30069 how do you complete the admission process
 I wanted to know if I could apply my past job history into a degree Educational Programs I have traveled overseas Travel & Tourism degree from Platt College in Overland Park Ks I attended 4 years at K-State University but did not graduate I have work experience in the industrial field and hotel hospitality education I have probably earned it but have not received a diploma stating I graduated My travel & tourism degree is a business degree I have been married and attended school
 online i am trying to login  but up top where it says student login will not let me login yes stovercharlotte26@gmail.com my name is charlotte stover phone 7406914270 i will try another way do not want to change my password it is on my tab and i can get into it thank you
 My financial aid account yes maam yes I am yes am just trying t osee what am missintg ok ok
 Hello Kirsten I am currently re-enrolled for AIU Online and Have a scheduled AIU Accelerate class program set up but I am having difficulty finding where to go to take the two classes. Business 105 and Business 150 my name is Ron R Chevalier ron.chevalier1@student.aiuonline.edu Thank you ok I will check it out Thank you so much Kirsten I had to go to the "FUTURE" tab on the upper right hand corner to find the classes... Thank you  again.
 criminal justice online classes I did 1 years in the airforce and my highest level of education is a hs diploma alexander burch 7012407626burchalex@rocketmail.com ok just me can you please contact me through email I am currently at work between 8am- noon
 My admissions Advisor Patrice is assisting me with the reset of my pass word
 can I have the email address to the registrar Thank you thank you
 Hi I'm Rashad Mashhood . My employer pays for ver $4000. annually for acredited college courses I work full time 7 days business how do i get started? OK Rashad Mashhood 757-576-0475 rmashhod@gmail.com 10:30 am what is the area code you will be dialing from? yes to military ok
 good day im a former student and im trying to get some information from when i attended Thanks!!
 I’m looking to study online at AIU As an international student No I haven’t My previous education was taught in English i have WAEC. Also have taken IELTS and I schooled in England but didn’t finish their. Just a foundation program there * is it possible to know how much exactly it would cost to study online with AIU okay thanks for the information
 Hello How are you? I would like to enroll in school for the Bachelor of Administrators specialization of entrepreneurship Online Zipporah Solomon zmercedes94@icloud.com 4049808373 Yes mam I am Great Yes it will Thank you No one
 I'm just looking for info.. I'm in need of getting my GED then continuing my education in the health care field. Where do I begin? Yes I did not graduate high school. I'm 38 years old. My kids are just about grown up My 2 oldest have graduated and my baby girl is going to be a junior in high school. Okay. I'll try back another time
 Can't log in to finish  fasts
 Yall got tacos here? The campus with the most tacos
 If I were to do major in forensics and then want to major in law enforcement would all my credits transfer to where I would only need the 3 classes that are different to earn that other degree? I am military so I am getting everything ready to become one. this and my college I went to before are my only 2 options but i prefer to attend aiu since it relates more to the degree I want. Teresa coffman (or gonzalez) roonpiglet@gmail.com 6024638439 new name is gonzalez I am at work I am in the military yes Thank you. I just had 3 questions that's it. I get off in 2 and a half hours it's 1120 I am on the east coast That works
 hi I request the MBA program how many months to archive this program ? u there ? US BA I request the list of MBA option and the time I need to complete this program nope
 Can all registration and course work be completed online? Yes online only attended 2 years of college and spent 5 years in the USAF
 can you check my statutes I applied and wanted to check. Pablo Cardone ssgt101@hotmail.com 225-407*5489
 Good evening Kim. I was wonder how would I go about applying for fseog or would it be best to contact the financial aid office directly? Yes ma'am. I am actually a current student. Amria Hashmi ahashmi16@gmail.com 713-514-3967 anywhere between 12pm and 1pm cst Thank you very much Kim. Your time and services are greatly appreciated. Enjoy the rest of your day!
 Onine Online* Criminal Justice I was wondering after July 4 when other class start dates would be No Military ok great! I don't think I can have my transcripts and everything else I need in by July 4th Amanda Haynie/ ahaynie459@gmail.com/404.697.5431 ok
 Hello my name is Harry Rhodes I am interested in an adjunct teaching position teach cyber security. Would  you be able to tell me how adjunct faculty are compensated? Online Thank you
 AIU ATLANTA BUSINESS MANAGEMENT I JUST WANTED TO NO IF I COULD CHANGE FROM THE HOUSTON CHOICE...DOROTHY LILES...DOROTHYEDLOW67.DE@GMAIL...4342628427 KENNWTH MARRERO KENNETH...SORRY. ABOUT THE TYPO OK THANK U
 I can't remember my security answers I know that but i don't know the security answers to get my forgotten password Hellooo Ok thanks
 I just graduated and would like to find out how to get the code to the alumni saving program Not yet
 hi houston yes can i still apply to start classes in july? okay so I am chatting on behalf of a friend. she is also chatting with you right now so she would send you her details thank you!
 I am an employer and would like to verify if an individual has the degree he/she claims to have. Is this public record? thank you
 i need tech support thank you
 Hi
 wanting to find out how much tuition would be. I have researching Colleges online thank you what are the acceptance rate High school Diploma Business I live in Hawaii and want to further my education in Bussiness Business*
 i need to depois money from my account to my card aiu
 OK hey Sorry to cum at u like this but I need sum money for me and my family can I cum to  u
 What the hell is the difference between a business management degree and administration degree? Real estate sale agent certificate None outside the usa What the difference please I don't have all day! What the difference career wise ?
 I just wanted to know are there any majors for education How many are there?
 Good day I will like to know more on how to apply for a degree program at the Houston campus I have a Bachelor degree in geology University of Buea in Cameroon Not yet Yes I do Boh Clvis Nguea Le.doctorantnguea@gmail.com Ambe Harrison My name is Nkamta George Mofor  and my email is georgenkamta@gmail.com Ambe Harrison and his email is ambeschools@gmail.com please do send him a mail to Too
 Yes I am trying to contact Lori Young I missplaced it Larry Graves 619-771-7807  graveslarry87@gmail.com i have suggested AIU to friends
 Is there online classes Healthcare Yes Ceiona Williams caira.blanks22@gmail.com 9202038208 Oky I gradurated in Chicago First time in college Yes
 Log On - Enter User ID and PWD
 Helo Florence here can you pls send me some credit information that I need to take or requirements for the program ? Thanks Florence Taylor k Taylor TaylorJen1@yahoo.com 972-890-6656
 Hello Online The system is not allowing me to continue my application. It took me to view VA Shooping List but can’t continue. Justice Amaechi 6784778933 I have enrolled already but told reapply in order to change  my program as I requested. Jolinet200@yahoo.com I am changing from Masters in IT Project Management to MBA in Technology Management Ok
 Hi Liane I graduated in 2012 from AIU with BA Graduated Kaplan with Master's in 2015 Went on to Walden for PhD had to stop due to lack of funds Looking for a job.  Criminal Justice Instructor??? Also received my AA in Business Administration from AIU in 2010 Also really want to relocate anywhere out of CA... I tell everyone I know about AIU as well as on my Facebook... Some have already enrolled and others are thinking about it... I do not pressure them though. You too and thank you
 I will like to enroll for online classes Hello In the healthcare program No maam in 2011 I received my high school diploma Nannie Jones           Nanniejones0205@gmail.com.  (979)730-9766 Thank you No maam No maam Texas Your welcome Now If possible Ok yes maam that's fine Thank you My sister Victoria Shepherd Yes V.ellis04@gmail.com Thank you so much
 It will not let me check the boxs so i cant finishs my app Ya
 can you call me? I am but have lost my info due to lost of phone 9098627630 but the number I would like you to call me on is7024875383 Eric perez 9AM to 5PM Thank You
 what is the school code? im a returning student i need the school code for the fasfa yes
 Online What is the cost of a certificate Forensic science Criminal justice Can I do it with just grants? Thank you You as well
 Hi Forgotten  password glenntaviusnolan1988@gmail.com Username is Glenntavious.Nolan K Thanks Yes I can't  change it OK RIGHT NOW I CURRENTLY DON'T HAVE ACCESS TO A PHONE Thanks K thanks
 Hello do you still have your San Francisco campus?
 Business school Hi Kirsten thanks for asking I am bachelors. Yes out of US I am not US resident actually. I haven't started yet evaluation.  Do I need to take TOEFL? Since I intend to get online curse so it could be any campus. My education was conducted in English medium. I would like to go for Accounting.  My major is interest. My major is Accounting Yes please I want to know about scholarship if AIU offers any Sure! Quratul Ain +923414150329 aineerubaat@gmail.com I will be grateful. Thanks for the info.  I will be waiting. Right now I am... :)
 afternoon online bsba username and password tiwana purdie.  tiwana.purdie@gmail.com. 919-622-5083 at work cant talk
 Hi yes my name is Kenneth Campbell and I recently started at AIU and Im currently at the Library and I need to log into the AIU portal to complete homework can u give me the website address ??
 atlanta ga a bachelor's degree in forensic science. i heard you guys were the best in that area but i am a little concerned with the reviews you guys have received. i have a tour tomorrow morning with my advisor ontario dudley. yes
 yes i stay in atlanta
 Do yyou offer Herbalist. Degrees I need information
 I am currently enrolled in the bachelor's degree of the healthcare management program I was looking at the master program courses because I am planning on taking that class jewelchrisner@gmail.com anytime ok
 Mistaken chat call.Must have tapped something different. Setting up my email on my android.
 Hello Kristie my name is Marilee I had graduated from AIU I think it was 2007 I have moved multiple times and need a copy of my diploma and I cannot find it . Is there a way I can get a copy of it? Ok great thank you
 hi jacque i wish to verify a student who once studied there thank you very much
 I’m needing the financial aid app and grants app to complete pkease Yes
 are you that
 Just trying to request info For the bachelor business online degree I'm 4 classes she of my paralegal associates
 How long is the health care program and can I travel with the degree
 How can I find out what my financial aid status is? Yes my application was completed yesterday.
 yes
 I have studied English at high school and i did GCSE. I got a c.I have a BA Degree. I would like to know if i should still provide the TOEFL certicate. I am in Swaziland. Southern part part of Africa I want to do a Masters Degree in Education Name :Ntombifuthi Dlamini ntombidlamini270@gmail.com +268 76116505/ +268 76590168 Yes. Thank you.
 Hi thank you I just have a quick question does AIU have non-matriculated course online taking a couple of online course educational leadership oh ok sure Elba Vazquez 347-233-8987           51-22 Hillyer Street Elmhurst NY 11373 email: elbaflores90@gmail.com anytime after 6pm I have no idea thank you thank you same to you
 online
 hi hi i am a student in high school can you please tell me some short goals oh but at least you can name some ok thanks anyway
 how do you cancel an application patrick? jonae williams ayeeejonae1234@icloud.com and 3377805992 patrick? okay that’s fine thank you 😘
 Yes today Houston
 Hello I am looking for the school ETS code Why isn't it listed on the website. I am a graduate and really don't want to call in. Is there any other way to obtain the code besides a phone call
 I'm trying to log in and I can't. Julia Boston 912 687 1479 juliaboston@yahoo.com Thanks You
 it says I have a account don't remebr login name or password I want to sign up for online classess ok ty Edmund robinson 3509 ostrum rd apt 1 belding mi48809 sorry kingfreddylouie136@gamil.com 6162287454 ok ty I really want to start classess ok at 9 in the morning is ok I gotit
 Online BBA Operations management I attended this school before. I was just curious if there was anyway I can come back in the school. Ebony Marshall evmjal@gmail.com 803-316-1533 After 5pm CST Maybe 1130 I was dismissed so I don’t know if it is even possible but I have 144 credits with you all Ok thank you
 hi what is your school code online
 Hello I trying to pay towards my online student account Without calling it in No I was Thank you
 online i'm good thanks i got to login
 hi Hi Jacque. I am Cleiton and I am looking for some informations about the program courses in Orlando I am brazilian Atlanta do you acept foreign students?
 User name and password Cecilcummingscecilcummings12@gmail.com 4783630171
 Good morning. Im I’m trying to find the link to apply for Georgia Hope scholarship Yes . I start in July.
 Newark Online Bachelor's degree No College degree OLATUNJI OWOLABI8622369068owoblow5000@yahoo.com 9am Thank you
 Hi I'm actually an alumni how can I obtain a copy of my transcript Thank you
 good morning I am inquiring about le cordon bleu management I would like it to be online I already have my Associates in bakery and pattiserrie from le cordon bleu so id like to stay with the school how long on line would it take to complete my Bachelors? how do we do that Eric Eugene Trimmer-Kebler Vaughneric2013@att.net 650-201-2377 ok
 hi paul i need to do som schoolwork im usually on the mobile app where do i go on a laptop? yes no one sorry
 hello who do I talk to about retrieving a transcript I am fron Point UNIVERSITY From Point University*
 What is your tuition rate for the online AA in Computer Tech? Online. No. No not interested in getting bombarded.  Thanks anyway.
 Online Can you tell me if you have an Accounting degree?
 Hello I am Angela I am filling out  my dads and I don't no what state or code to put in for AIU online FASA
 What would my student email address be? Yes I just need the@..... David Harris daharr12@yahoo.com (864)320-8635 ok ty! Nope sorry I will be on the look out though! ok
 I want to to t I want to get my diploma 10 No
 do you teach chiropractor how long does thisn aplication takes trying to apply for lcc colage can you give a webside for LCC college aplication
 I was contacting bout school when do the next class start
 HI I'm Lisa I need help with log in and pass word Camplisa86 @gmail.com 2052697083 camp Now what I do Yes
 Hi Robin I'm Sherri. I want to start online classes asap Not sure how this works should I first try to get financial aid or do I enroll 1st? Bachelor's in business administration is the plan Sherri Bustos  sbbustos33@gmail.com  & 832-869-1364 When I filled out the application it said something about Texas I live in Texas will there be an issue? No military.
 Hi. I was talking to Rosalyn a minute ago but it cut off. I was wondering if you offer any online classes. Hi sorry about that. Criminal Justice Well you see I'm an ongoing senior in high school. However I'm still wanting to obtain information Ok and last thing do you offer any pre college courses or early start online classes pk Thank you Ok*
 hello yes I am looking for admission appilicationm
 Hello hi can u help enroll in high school classes My name is LaNita Coffman I'm 33 years old looking for free high school diploma classes online highest education level is 8 8th grade is the highest grade level I completed
 Hi I'm just wondering what I should do  Now that I have completed my application I would like to get information on how to start my applications for grants and scholarships so that I can have enough money to buy myself a laptop and maybe help pay for my rent I have some college Human resources I've been  Talking with your agents I was just hoping to get the information I needed to complete my financial aid 3603051368 Elizabeth Applegate
 What is the GPA requirement for the 12 month MBA program? Online Atlanta GA Thank you
 are you regionally accredited
 I need to withdraw my application because I do not have the adequate resources at this time Partially aiu on line Ok thanks
 hi kristie one more question pls if the student does not have test scores may be used to show his English proficiency does you school provide ESL class first Completing ESL instruction based on University evaluationCompleting Level 109 or higher on the ESL Language CentersCompleting Level 107 or higher EF Language Centers if he does not have a TOEFL possible for him  to study esl in your school ? are you still there
 Hi kim I am just curious i was looking into this school back in 2003 and i think i remember there being a ny campus? am i incorrect?
 Can y'all help me out with the questions Hello my name is Chaveza Johnson We're do I apply Good and yourself 3417 East Cheyenne ave # 123 inchworm03@gmail.com What you say
 whats is the federal school code
 Hi Robin Online classes business administration/applied science Darlene Saunders darlenesaunders1@aol.com 4848040094 No After 5pm Ok
 yes i am tayshawna montgomery and im looking to go back to school i am great you early childhood education or criminal justice hs diaploma tayshawnamckean2017@gmail.com        my cell number is 260-920-0504 your welcome
 Thank you for your kind help My inquiring fr you is do you have any scholarship position in you university currently pls ? oh Understand so there is no room for international students? No i don't have such big amount. No Thank you for your time. pls let me know if any.
 Hello ty my name is lisa I was wanting to talk to adviser today and unroll
 hello yes im wanting to know what is AIU federal school code yes I have yes thank you im currently doing that now thank you
 No I’m trying to do it on line but y’all keep coming up
 American intercontinental university On line Thank you now will you help walk me through my application Dorthy Gough dgough6460@gmail.com 615-364-5830
 I’d like to enroll in my classes again can I do it from here Aiu online Cynthia Monroe 240-406-3539 o forgot my email monroe9909@gmail.com Okay thank you
 Hi Im looking into Houston but Ive already applied and started my process with the Illinois school. My question is would it be cheaper to go through Houston. Im currently trying to get approved for loans and scholarships but I need to know all options. Ok so it would be 58500 for a bachelor's? Do you have scholarships or easier loan options. Ok thank you
 hi I was wondering if this school is still offeres the discount and grant for Marriott employees i cliked the link from my work website but did not work josanne bologna 7184874749 jfox623@aol.com i am not at home i am at work was just inquiring so you cant let me know if the discount still valid  cause if its no longer applicable i wont be interested
 hi. I want to be in Hospital admin but I cannot decide if I should do Business  admin or Business Management? I am just starting look at colleges. I am going to be a senior in HS okay. I am looking at the page were it talks about the differences between Business Admin and Management. Are their better job outlooks for one compared to other? I have looked. I was asking because your school has both didn't know if you have any recommendation and/or useful information. okay.
 When is the next start date after July 4th for the masters in business management program? Online BA no
 i need to get a copy of my transcript from this school sent to Liberty University do i have to pay for it?
 Re-enrolling to finish my classes for my forensic science degre degree Ashley King 501 467-4397 ashley.devore12@gmail.com Im working can you call around 12 or after 5pm I work 8-5 Monday-Friday That will work I have a 30 minute lunch thank you Im not sure at this time will do thank you
 Quick question if I was enrolled in strayer and was placed on suspension for failing a class and never went back will it hurt my chances of joining aiu So is that a yes or no Ok thanks
 I am having problems  LOGIN
 Looking for a program to enhance my chemistry degree Forensics
 Yes Clara im interested in contining my ed with AIU I was once enrolled there but I became very ill and couldn't finish but now im ready thanks to GOD so what do I need to do besides complete my fafsa i need the school code also we are talking now
 Hello Kristen I am an Alumni student and would like to know how to request  my transcript to be sent to someone. I cannot remember my student ID number Thank you
 N.m Admin to healthcare Online thank you Wallyne m. Clark My number is 4094797525 my email is thewall026@gmail.com Yes Ok thank you very much Have a blessed day good bye
 Atlanta Education I already  was talking to an agent just was trying to finish up with what we where doing
 Hi - just wondering if I am going to pursue a bachelor degree if I can take any semester breaks or will I be required to take class after class? I don't want to provide additional information right now.
 how long will it take for my documents to get approved
 im already a student and trying to log in is the system down no5 no will try that thx
 online how long does it take to get an associates degree in business it says 90 credits? No I do not. Dorbin McKenzie phone 870-333-8021 Email address mckenzie24dorbin@gmail.com No I do not Anytime around noon will be fine Thank you!
 how do i switch to the next class so that i can do assignments in my next class
 Hi Jacque! Just have a quick question.Do you only accept applicant s that have previous college credits/experience? Yes but no I do not have previous credits. That That is my question...do you accept folks that don't have college credits that are starting out brand new but need to do all online?
 Illinoise Oh no I'm sorry I'm actually  a student trying to navigate the system I don't know how to get to my assignment Yes Home page Ok thanks Then where do you go Ok thank you very much
 Hello I am interested in getting my Master's in Business with concentration in Healthcare management I work full-time and lives in MS so I am interested in online studies Jayla Lang 601-935-0510 and jaylalang.2012@gmail.com
 readmissions  questions yes Malcolm morgan email malcolmtmorgan@gmail yes I'm at my place of employment so I may not be able to answer awesome anytime after 4 pm eastern time Do I need to complete the Admission to AIU App? ok sounds good! At the moment no one I could think of..
 I was wondering does AIU have an education class or nursing I like the Elementary Education Yes ma'am is this online I just want online Ashley Williams 682-224-9043 ilovealanifaith@gmail.com Ok
 Good evening Kim how are you Im good Im a current student with AIU Atlanta in CJ homeland security and crisis management i wanted to know if the school could give me a paperwork to go see my family back home and come back Okay thank you
 Hi I am interested in online school I am trying to see how I can get started Jacquelyn Anderson jackii2004@outlook.com 8326474840 BBA
 Hello I would like to get information on Baking and pastry program. Le Gordon Bleu doesn't exist anymore they offered the program
 I am interested in the online c n a  program
 forgot password
 Do you allow non-degree taking students to take online credit for transfer? (Online) Cameron Reicheneker 3094530837 Reicheneker_Cameron_S@cat.com please have them reach me on email if possible I am at work 4pm CST
 Hi Kim I want to know about online Do you get a laptop or tablet with tuition after a couple classes I am inquiring for my husband What is the incentive to pick the school? What makes your school better than others? Can you so assignments on your phone as well and tests So the grades are all assignment I'm done thank you
 What is a specail carter Im trying to do my app and its calling a special somtjing what does that mean Can u show me i dont understand Sherrybeckwith1968@gmail.com 5802786949 So u mean robin at 23:29
 Just filling out my on-line application Yes.
 Do y’all have CNA classes available 12th No Samantha Taylor 4232603676 minnelove12@icloud.com
 just logging on to start application process
 Pls my network  went off  sorry but u didnt answer me I was asking of fashion design campus but u sent me that of business Oh ok
 what is financial AID?
 I have a question about  student loan that I curently have Thank you but I have found the number. If I have a Questions I will contact you again
 Online Accounting Brandee rayneblu32012@gmail.com 316-550-8270 Only through email Told to ask for Matthew burns Matthias Ok
 I am interested in a job position as a mathematics instructor. May you be able to help me get a teaching job at AIU. THANK YOU
 looking to see if you have a payment plan
 hello I am in process of communicating with a rep about transferring my credits I live in MN but will be transferring my economics credits into a criminal justice program I would like to specialize in homeland security and crisis management are there only two campuses atlanta & Houston ? Erynn Kingstrom / 500 S. 6th avenue - Sacred Heart MN  56285-0075 / 651.376.8452 I am impressed with the school's programs and with the representation of the school made by your admissions rep. Leonard Croft i only see two listed are those Atlanta & Houston? are those your only two options ? right ok thank you i am in need of a campus with family housing thank you for your time have a nice day
 Hi can I do online I'm from phx az and how would I go about getting a grant they already said that I was approved Shana Ayala my email is ayalashana72@gmail.com my phone # is (602)748-9421 thank you
 Hello Robin with classes starting on July 4th am I too late to enroll for online classes? Healthcare administration Marie 916-745-2687 Email is Marie.caldwell86@yahoo.com Anytime after 8am Thank you
 Hi Liane. I have a friend who completed her masters through one of your online programs. She said that she finished in 10 months. Is that a typical time frame? approximately how much does your curriculum and instruction program cost? Ok thanks anyway. I will fill out that information when I'm ready to speak with someone on the phone. You too!
 HELLO I am trying to enroll in the course program that begins July 4th Associate of Business about 4 months ago I have attended college and obtained a certification Gary Humphrey 2544232811
 hello i want know when is the next classes start online
 Hello. Wondering about your mba program. How much does it cost. Is it online in class or both. If in class how many days a week How long is the expected time to complete program. I currently hold BSN I live in Houston Not really intrested in on ground campus. I work full time. That's I asked if the program requires to be in class Someone called already and sent an email. I thought this forum will be faster to get information as I'm unable to speak over the phone I will return call to person who did. Thanks Thank you
 Hi forgot my password. Sharon.Modest is my username. Online Sharon Modest 214-205-4748 ShamonShayla@gmail.com
 hello I have a financial aid question I am in the process of applying mam I have a previous bachelors degree an international university mam outside the US I have a private student loan with Sallie Mae though mam yes through World Educational Services my full name is Paolo Miguel Besabella  email is pmont223@gmail.com and yes they have been translated into the US grading system my number is a foreign one though would that be ok? great it is +639273502096 thanks! sorry I cannot think of anyone right now
 Hi Kirsten. Online Campus I signed up for BS in Criminal Justice Stuart Garraway is my admission consultant He told me I would need to talk with you all about admissions Lisa Sauer 502-488-3559 Lisagocats1720@gmail.com Yes will I do that via Chat or phone No please give him the number 502-354-6986 Great. Thank you and have a great weekend Thanks!!
 how do get to my classes online janie blair
 I am unable to e-sign my application For online I am at work... I will have to call AJ when I get home. Patricia Tucker 608-797-8471 After 5pm No that was all I needed. Sorry for the delay. I am at work.
 I only went 11th grade in high school and only had 12 credits at that time so I did not get my GED
 Hi sir I want to know about if there is Tourisum department or not in any campus of AIU So the college does not offer any course or degree of art or culture or tourism right?
 Not sure what is a special character I'm trying to set my password? James Davis77778@yahoo.com phone number is 574-747-5481 yes I am. Okay let me check.
 Hello Arica I attended Aiu during 2012 or 2013 I cannot remember the month and year exactly. Can you help me? I am attending CTU right now but I need the information for a background check for employment Thank you
 Good Morning I would like to request additional information about the program for online course I am located in Orlando FL. the culinary arts ok thank yo. you
 Hello Jacque. how are you Yes maam am trying to see what all is missing out my records and file to complete my financial aid yes maam Its Terry Bryant 318-701-0903 terway2@yahoo.com
 hi how are im sry for taking u time i wanna know that this universty has taxation accountin field? sry im not perfect in english and would you please introduce me some another university that havae this field? thank u im appreciate that
 just checking the status of my fianancial aidgot e-mail stating a award letter hellolanina mcroberts 3147768106 chocpuddin8@gmail.com u-welcome thankyourosalyn um i'll find out and keep I touch bye
 what classes are in the AA CJ  online i have already been accepted to the college a few months back I had started the program and quit  do to work changing What will I need to do to start classes again Thomas Edwards tedwards.medic@gmail.com  903-720-9621 I will speak to an advisor when does the next classes start after July 4th I am currently at work and unable to talk Can they call me Monday afternoon say about 14:00 hours when is the next date after Aug 8 th my daugther is getting married on the 18 th of Aug I would like to start after that no Mil exp ok thanks I will be waiting to hear from them on monday were you able to find me in the system
 Yes First and for most I like to said good morning to you okay my name is Bernard Riddick here I have a problem here I doing my paper work and it not going through here for my password here now however I have and appointment did morning here with Avery nice young lady here at 0900here but it you can help it be nice with the ID here now It work yesterday only last night here and I been working on just about all morning here yes I'm here okay the two places here were you so The person who were help will be in short and going to wait on her But I be back end touch with you later today and your staff here today as well So you enjoy the rest of your morning here Thank You for your support there 👌 I will always
 hello I am a current student and I am trying to enroll to continue my education but I don't have any idea what my user name or password is it is different from my school login that I use to do my homework online kisha mccoy 6183104860 mccoykisha@gmail.com ok what am I supposed to do ok still waiting on it ok when I'm in their do I start a new application ?? yes I'm am finishing my Bachelors degree but I want to go on to the masters degree she told me to go here ok
 My online is not working I can't do my school work 27562211 yes Im click on the student login online and it brings up an error okay ill do that
 helo im applying for a job and I need proof om my degree. is there anyway i can log on and get a copy of something that i can send in with my application? I went online
 Hi I would like to know how I can obtain my transcripts from a previous year
 What's the school code for online graduate classes doing FASFA now Denise Mims-Cruse dcru01@gmail.com (904)672-5508 Thanks
 Hi Clara I was working with ms blake is there a number I can call to chat with her
 Need some iformations I wabt ti learn master of health care management
 i want to know if this is a online college if so i am located in augusta georgia a legal program
 I need to order my transcript
 online i was trying to get in contact with the re-admissions  dpartment was planning on continuing my degree for healthcare management jahanna liburd. j_libia@hotmail.com 617-637-5698 i tried to get in contact with the adviser i was working with but she is unavailable. her name is providence desalt. i am available from 3pm est tomorrow ok thank you
 Online I logged in and completed the application but same info will not log me into grant info Rccrail@gmail.com... Rick Crail... 2172641670 Yes OK Thanks.... Yes
 Hi I was wondering if I could get the contact info for the director/vp/head of the institutional advancement for AIU Thanks for your help! I've contacted them earlier but did not hear back so it would be very helpful if I could receive that info from you... Great! No problem Yes! That is very helpful Thanks! Appreciate your help
 I need help with my password My phone number is +12489042504 2489042504 denishafuller2021@gmail.com Ok thanks
 I wanted to see how I can possibly attend. But first things I need to know prices see how many existing credits will be taken and how many would I have to obtain to receive my degree. I guess I have a ton of questions Paul.
 I was wondering if I can take college classes why do u want to know what made you just say that what your name
 Hello. I have a question. I was attending AIU Atlanta campus recently but with my job and personal life situations I was unable to attend campus for class..i mentioned to them that if ad started to get difficult comii to campus and asked about only doing online class andbthey said i ouldnt...I would really like to continue school. So my question is Do you think I would be able to switch to online campus and do all online classes.. Anthony Butler 4702322104 anthonybutler06@gmail.com Thanks Yes No that was all! Thak you so very much! As of now no one..all of my friends and siblings have either graduated and enrolled in a school already..
 Jerryan dennis 3179695547 or 5032701376 selflesssoulz@gmail.com Jerryan dennis 3179695547 or 5032701376 selflesssoulz@gmail.com ok call me 0n 5032701376 yes call me late morning to afternoon yes i'm in Oregon so you are 3 hors ahead of me in atlanta 8:20 pm ok thanks
 Yes I’m tryn to do cha classes do y’all have those
 hi. I am a year 12 student studying in an indian curicculum school. Ive not opted for math in year 11 and 12. Is math requireas a subject for majoring in business from your university?
 Please tell me the salary for a full time academic advisor Thank you
 Good evening Jacque :) Does AIU offer online classes? I'm interested in obtaining an Associate's Degree for Healthcare. Is there a program that helps with getting a computer and what I would need to take the classes online? I'm sorry I am not familiar with the terminology. The degree for Health Services Administration Management is the field I'm interested in Thank you for your patience :) Lisa Fowler 936-465-4602 nspeck01@yahoo.com
 t letting me login in to my acount sherry beckwith   sherrybeckwith1968@gmailcom 5802786949
 I am an active duty marine looking into applying for online courses using TA. i was just curious on the steps i need to take to be successful. I complete high school and have acquired 27 Credits while I've been in the military I was hoping to apply for something in the lines of furthering my goal of working for either homeland FBI or DOS. Daniel Paraboo parabood@state.gov +2207093397 I am currently located in The Gambia West Africa I am currently at work but i will be able to in about 4 hours if that's fine. No ma'am that will be all. Thank You!
 Does it cost to do an online course Ok thank you
 Hi my name is Tara I am looking to renroll Yes I was talking with someone a while back and I got all the documents I needed Rupp tearbear_blue7@yahoo.com 9895014368 Ok No One I can think right now No problem
 just wanted to know what i would have to do to receive my diploma from a previous degree im already pursuing another degree but I have one payment left from a previous one Im enrolled now but I have one more payment to make from the last one. Monday 2 July thank you
 I was hoping to maybe fine some I can do online Criminal justice and  business management Lakevin  Smith 601-741-7120 dante24smith@yahoo.com Any time Thank you
 I tried to create a new user name to start my application now but it say It seems I already an account created which I dont have* Name: Osamudiamen Aifuwa Number: 3479718520 email: aifuwaosamudiamen@gmail.com bachelor science and criminal justice am currently and 11 grader NO okay thanks
 cant  rember my pets name
 Could I please have the address for Lewis Lynn director of online faculty operations.  I would like to send a letter not an email. Could I please have the address for Lewis Lynn director of online faculty operations. I would like to send a letter not an email. Is Mr. Lynn at that address? I know I can but I am looking for confirmation that he is at that address.
 how can I get AIU symbol on my desktop? yes Thanks Paul I am just starting. No. Ok no one at this time.
 What is $166.00 per credit hour? Does that mean $166.00 every 4.5 credit hour Online for military No But I have one Yes
 Oknot sure On line Business management Ruth Kaiser ruthherrington@gmail.com (706)8090253 Yes Anytime after 9am
 online admin It says that I already have an account with you but I am almost positive that I do not .  Masters in Special education is my highest degree educational leadership 7-12 has to be an online degree no through Capella University yes I think so sorry I took so long I was reading about it Devin Baker 716 W Taylor Fairfield Iowa 52556 641-919-8949  devin.baker@ottumwaschools.com Most of the people that I work with already have their masters and they are not interested in becoming an administrator anytime after 4 actually 2 would work also anytime after 2 Great thank you you do the same
 Do I have to finish my high school diploma first AIU Online OK so then I can't start yet I still have 24 credits of high school left to get my diploma Thanks anyway
 Hello Paul I can not log in to the Online student portal I have tried from several access points is the online campus down? thank you Paul I'll contact them ' no one right now but  I'll refer them to you when they ask
 Hi I went to AIU but stopped going because my TA was running out but I would like to start going again. how would that work out My student advisor was Miguel as well Kodia Presley kodia.alexander16@gmail.com 254-317-1764 now is not a good time to call. 1700 no that's all thank you you as well
 hi Houston do you have ESL class in that campus? business for bachelor can I walk in tomorrow afternoon? I would like to visit the campus in person tomorrow afternoon.  Can you help me set up an appointment? I just called the 1855 number and the gentleman told me I can just walk in to see any advisor tomorrow. or any advisor's name you can recommend.  We will see him/her tomorrow. Chihui Chen 8328582344 chicochen@yahoo.com what is their business hour? any time.  That is my cell. Thank you.  I will hang up now. ok will do Thank you.
 I am already doing my classes the app brought me here Yes I am in Dr. Paris class and Dr. Freeman Steven Miller 19389610 student ID welcome and no
 how much is the tuition for international student studing business accounting high scool just finised yes nigeria
 hi Arica how are you I was just speaking to some one to find out if  I am getting 493.33 within  24 to 48 hours is that right cause my 93.33 was not with the400 online campus in illinois Gwendolyn bible my email is gwendolynbible21@gmail.com my phone ran out of minutes so you going to have to emailme yes I am ok thank you
 hello online master currently enrolled in aiu for my bachelors I wanted to ask how long is the masters degree in business management Ok I wil do two classes. I will be done july 2016 with my bachelors. 2019 my bad is there one where all of the business be taken in one or they all seperate The business management claases its several and I was wondering is a way to take them at once instead of doing one by one. Its hard to explain it im sorry oh ok yes thank you so much ok thanks for the info thats all
 Yes
 ady to start the 2 part of my  app
 I'm in process of filling out enrollment stuff and I picked healthcare management if I change my mind this week will it be hard to changr? Yes but I was told to start process I just wanted to make sure I wasn't locked in. Thanks Nope
 I don’t need sat/act scores right? Do I need sat/act scores? Oh okay how can I apply? When do classes start? Oswaldo Lopez waldolopez321@yahoo.com 6787724384 is there fall classes?
 How old are you? Dance
 What is the total cost for a MBA in Human Resource Management? Sounds great! I'm just viewing my options right now. Not committing to anything yet.
 im seeking to transfer to the atlnata campus for the fall semester JeanNell Aikens jeannell_aikens@yahoo.com 404-709-8578
 Good Morning.  My name is Alexis Patrick.  I used to attend.  I would like to reenroll online.  I already have an advisor but I don't know how to get started again. 2 years ago with Joyce Bomba.  She called me because my loans were in default and I was going to reenroll but family issues going on. I sent her an email but I haven't heard anything.  I have a busy day todaybut I will try to call her tomorrow after 11am Yes thank you Okay I  will. Have a good day.
 hello online campus bachelor in Finance some college ( 3 years) at the art institute houston high school was outside of us if applicable USA if applicable since I mainly studies interior design Janette- janette0275@gmail.com I would like to know if the bachelor degree in Finance can be finished in less than 4 years? I already gave you my name and email sure I thought that I had basic questions that could be answered easily here
 Paul I need help with this Application. I got my BIT from AIU in  2013 and I'm applying now to the Master's program.  Do I really have to fill in all of this information ?  You guys already have it from my undergrad application. Calvin Clark clarkcp2001@gmail.com i spoke to someone already.  I'm just trying ti fill out the application now.  Nevermind I will just do it....Thanks!!!
 Hi Veronica. I’m interested in the criminal justice program Online to get my Associates. I’m from Oregon and first time colllege student so I’ll need the full 90 credits. How much will it cost? Nathan Lockwood 503-507-1685 and nathanlockwood14@yahoo.com
 online how can i start classes Business Management/criminal justice I have an Ged ok Mary Jones (662-242-4559) precious_jones94@yahoo.com Your Welcome Noone at this time No what about after dinner i say about 1:00 p.m if that's good i go to church on sundays yes ok that will be great i thanks so much for your time today do you all offer laptops for school if i dont have one of my own ok thanks i was just wondering have a blessed rest of your day
 online? and im trying to get enrolled as well what programs do yall have to offer highschool diploma tanzetta morton 3137483518 tanzimorton0801@gmail.com
 Do u have cna courses
 hello do u guys have one in mineeasota minnesota online campus what programs do u guy's have finishing highschool I would like to do healthcare this july Derek Preston Derekpreston78@gmail.com 269-202-5536 yep thank you very much and and ill contact u in a bit I'm busy right now can u call me later around 4 minnesota nope ok
 I am currently a student. I am trying to login to check work and assignments. it will not pull up the login page. james gibson 9312648160 jamesharoldgibson@gmail.com sorry kid needed something youre elcome error message same as before no its acting like the websie is messed up Object reference not set to an instance of an object.   at CEC.UI.Web.Common.ControlTemplates.Login.DoVCPreProcess()    at CEC.UI.Web.Common.ControlTemplates.Login.Page_Load(Object sender EventArgs e)    at System.Web.Util.CalliHelper.EventArgFunctionCaller(IntPtr fp Object o Object t EventArgs e)    at System.Web.Util.CalliEventHandlerDelegateProxy.Callback(Object sender EventArgs e)    at System.Web.UI.Control.OnLoad(EventArgs e)    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMain(Boolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPoint) that is what comes up. i have not tried a different computer or logging out ok i will log off this computer and restart it and try different pc i can get to school  site just not the login site ok thank you ok thank you very much you to
 Ok Can you please call me tomorrow at my number is 910-733-5955
 hello Jacque..I had an admission rep send me my application..Im filling  it out now.. NO..NOT REALLY..HAVENT EXPERIENCED ANY CHALLENGES FILLING OUT MY APP SO FAR..THANK YOU
 Hey paul
 I CANNOT LOG IN TO THE VIRTUAL CAMPUS CAN' DO MY SCHOLWORK I DON'T KNOW NOT LESS I'M ONLINE MY SS NUM IS 244351033 WEBSITE BEEN DOWN FOR TWO DAYS IT WON'T LET ME DO MYHOMEWORK AT ALL OK Tamikjohnsonb@.com Tamikajohnsonb@aol.com i'm gonna fail if I don't get caught up please 919825553 9198255563 9198255663 sorry wrong num
 Is AIU an accredited college?  I read somewhere that the accreditation was lost.  Is this true?
 Online I was to take an assessment or placement test today for business but seem to have lost that website
 hallo. how are you? I am Grace. I am looking for information about any pastry class in this summer ok. thanks for ur help. cheers Grace
 online i want change my major k
 Hello I am trying to get an email address for Dr. Wendy Johnson By the way I am Dr. Richards I think she is the vice president of academics or I can give you a number where she can reach me Ok thanks Thank you
 can credits be transferred from another school? if so how many okay thanks i'm just looking right now. I see that there's no bsn program. do the school offer anything close to that program? thanks Clara
 Good morning Jacque Jacque I am already in the process for the online program but I have a question and I hope you can answer it. If I enroll in your school my company has an agreement that we receive a 10% discount. How do I give this to finance? They state I need a letter but my company says that we don't. there is a code that the school uses. Criminal Justice I have and advisor Aaron. I will contact him. Thank you for the help Jacque. I did not mean to waste your time that would be great thank you Charon pheifer cpheifer@gmail.com around 3pm
 trying to get the schools information to give to gc services to release my financial aid hello i have already applyed need schools information for release of financial aid angel boner 9377032697 angelboner@gmail.com
 I was a former student and need to know where to send my payment of $1005 to? Thank you No not at this time thank you
 I can get a user ID Cant get one. Its keeps saying in already have one Yes I was suppose to have this done before our meeting this afternoon Shantele Peters Shantelemarie1986@outlook.com 4052695427
 online only i saw online that  you guys offer a laptop with enrollment. I work on the road and need access in the hotels i have to work from ok\ Cornethia Davis newlyweds2010@gmail.com 4784423477 no had some tiem at a clients office thats y on th chat feature yes ok email me i thought we could do it on here but ok ok
 Hi Rosalyn I am a current student at univeristy of phoenix online.  I am thinking about transferring to a new school.  I currently am enrolled in to obtain my Bachelors Degree in Business + HR Management and I have completed about 1.5 years (44) credits. I am good how are you Crystal Mealor 7063623728 cldyer13@gmail.com No ma'am I am at work at the moment and do not have good cell service inside our building.  I will get off work at 6PM though yes many years ago about 7-8 years ago ok thank you No not at this time Could you tell me If i were to transfer and got to transfer at least 20 credits how long until I graduated - me taking 3 classes at a time that is ok!  Thank you for setting the phone call up!
 I rec'd an aa degree in 1996 and am returning now for a Bachelor's of Sciencie in Accounting do those credits from 1996 transfer? I sorry I'm with a different university and just wanted a second opinion AA in science and accounting from 1996 to a Bachelor's of Science of Accounting graduating in Spring of 2021 since they tell me they don't transfer Thanks fro the info
 No thanks
 Hi. I need to know how I can obtain my transcript from your institution please That will be all. Thank you
 I need to change somethings on my application it is not letting me put my password in Terry Lane 9125740200 terrylane385@yahoo.com yes it is saying my access token is invalid ok thanks
 Hi Robin I need some help with my username and password Ok I think I am going to wait until somebody is going to contact me the next day. Thank you. Have a good night. Yes Why is it MA. restrict it? Ok Thank you.
 I am completing my VA paperwork for admissions.  It is asking me for your address.  Can you help me? yes nope yes i have an advisor thanks for the address it is a mouthful that is all i needed thanks have a great day
 I forgot my username and passwork in order to complete my application louvenia mcmillan - louveniamcmillan@gmail.com - 803.354.6299
 i was currently a user last yearbut im interested in coming back to AIU health management. I was going for medical assistant My name is Nykima Barber.Email:brook.barber@yahoo.com. Phone number:229-205-0278 Around 12:30 or 1:00 yes sir I will contact a friend and ask her Thank you.
 YES
 Hello I'm Rachel. Just looking around. I'm interested in a fast and efficient Bachelors program and noticed your work experience credit options. It would be an online only program No thats ok. I am simply browsing. No. I do not wish to give out my information. Thank you
 Hello My name is Danette. I want to apply for a adjunct instructor position. Unofficial transcripts are needed. It would expedite my application if I faxed them. Is there a fax number? Thank you Kim Thanks! Have a great day!
 Live campous organization to tours Online I need face to face action Dannette 8329468496 Ged I have finished my fasa application Early childhood development Heath care Healthcare management I would like to open a nursing home and daycare for the early Thanks
 Jacque Please Help! I need my transcripts. I have called twice with no luck. I graduated in 2006 from online IT REQUIRE FACEBOOK SIGN ON..I DO NOT HAVE FACEBOOK PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW I CAN GET MY TRANSCRIPTS
 I don't know why i cant log in I must either forgot my password Jessica.Roberts285 Or idk hold on nicole.jessica1317@gmail.com Yes I am still waiting for verification withy fasa id I cant even get to it i forgot my password I need nee password reset U send to my phone 8322666411 And what password Still no good Can you send link to my email address
 HelloI will chat will youi later.
 On line With my  cellphone
 arica i have a friend who hasn't been to college since 1974 and earned 25 credit hours! are they still 'usable'? transferable? do you offer associate degrees? keep in mind they are 1974 credits! do you offerassociate degrees? in Sociology??? give me  a second I'm flabergasted that I can't simply find an AA degree my friend might be interetsed in prior to giving you personal information what degrres do you offer in an aa program? I'm searching === zilch!!!
 Good morning I had a few questions in regards to other credits that I have earned. Ive earned a few credits at Austin Community College in Austin Texas and wanted to know if AIU accepted those credits? Yes still here criminal justice Yes Richard Sisneroz 512-919-6151 rbe.880709@gmail.com Yes Marine Veteran no one at the moment
 I am a student and i am trying to get in to the student portal and it will not let me do it on my computer can you help me? ok it looks like I loose the 4 hours I have to study thank you.
 Online High Diploma...I did go to a school for Medical Assistant but that was probably 30 years ago Either the Bachelor in Business: Specialization in Healthcare Management or either the Bachelor in Healthcare Management: Health Services Admin Management.   Not sure yet Kristi Hopkins...klhopkins65@gmail.com and 832-540-1177 Not really...I'm at work and looking at this while on break.  Can you email me some info?   Tomorrow afternoon would be good.  I usually get off about 2:00 on Fridays Ok that should be fine My son is in the Military. That's ok ok thank you No that's it
 Verionica I posess four degrees MA Theology
 Hi I am Kimberly Bartee Complete Application and FAFSA trying to understand what financial aid I am eliigilbe for eligible hello Bartee kimberly.bartee@outlook.com 770-317-0589
 Online I was already enrolled a few yrs ago and I was trying to get back n to look at my stuff I was on but I can't get n to my account K thank u
 Hi im trying 2 apply 4 a grant Or add aiu 2 my fasa app A bachelor's in business and management No I have done applied aiu an done filled out fasa just need help adding aiu Rebecca hicks 4640 meat camp Boone NC 828406&9571 Willloves1@Gmail.com I nerd Sorry I need help adding aiu 2 my fasa app
 Re-enrollment to finish my original degree Danny Capers danny.capers2@student.aiuonline.edu 843-295-8487 call 9127777257 912-777-7257 Thanks
 Online and I don't know my student email Danette miller Mamad329@yahoo.com 785 341 1705 Awesome thank you so much
 Why cant i use my own password Champel Adams...cadams@6317gmail.com
 Good evening I am inquiring the process to receive my official transcript. Okay thank you
 hello can i please get a fax number to send a transcript? I am a high school registrar not a student Great! Thank you!
 online Bachelor's Degree in IT
 Online I talked to Shawna I believe that was her name. she said she Emailed me but I didn't get it. I was interested in some type of mental health therapy but since AIU doesn't offer it I was going to go with a associates in business to start. Sadalynn Kelley 307-256-3646 and sadalynn.kelley@gmail.com yes that is mine! Ill check it now. Thank you!
 I have my LPNbut havent work in at lease 10-15 years.I need to do a refreser course so as to be re-Instated againwant to know what I have to get my LPN licence  back an active or a care giver as to help in care of a patient care.Ms Joyce L. HIDAY. Re-Instatement of LPN licence.
 amercanpublicuniversityonline mybad
 Hey Jacque how’s it going? I would like to study Master degree. How much do I have to pay for the first ? I graduated Bachelor‘s degrees from Thailand. Level 7. From LSI. Language System International school Thai Citizen. I came here by Student Visa Honestly I’m not sure. Because I graduated Law and another one PR and Ad. I would like to know more information. Thank you. Kinda Well could you please giving me about that? So I could not transfer in Online Programs Thank you so much  have a good day
 Hello I was wondering if it would be possible to temporarily withdraw from my courses.. Ok Anthony O'Connell 662.27.0823 Admissions: Ramiro Loeza | rloeza@aiuniv.edu | (847) 851-5144 I have to email him as well about this I just know that we are after business hours where I am located and wanted to get an answer ytoday yes thats fine thank you is there a such this as putting classes on hold? Online
 hello im not sure if i am on the right site but im trying to access my classes no. thank you/
 Hello I was wondering about your MOS credit transfer Hello I was wondering about your MOS credit transfer
 Hello how long can I be out of school to transfer credits?
 Hey Miss Veronica can you send me a reset for my password for my mobile app Ty Ashbaugh 9374246979 Tymatthew425@aim.com Everytime I just tried log on it says tge password is Okay so they will call me tomorrow Okay can they do it at noon
 Hello. I have something to turn in to you all to clear my fasfa. Ok so they should be in today? Can you see if any one there had recieved any mail? Ok. No one answered It always goes to voice mail You gave me the admissions number I need financial aid
 Hello how can i download microsoft words to my laptop yes Corlattha Mitchell ..... corlatthajohnson@gmail.com 7692268895 ok
 ok  I looking for an online schoo who offer a free labtop for on line studies theology
 I am looking for a degree where I can learn skills in cooking along with a Bachelors in Business. Main goal is to run my own restaurant. Do you have a program that can do that? Business Administration (BBA): Specialization in Le Cordon Bleu Hospitality Management Would that be the program I would take? Yes actually my husband is since he is working full time. How long roughly does it taking going full time to obtain that degree? 4 years? I am going to give this info to my husband and if he decides he will get back to you. Thanks for your time!
 im having trouble login in my account ive tried technical support Letitia Osby 2298484253 Letitia_out_town@yahoo.com I don't have access to this email anymore so I don't no what to do are u ther
 Hi. Interested in online Is the hospitality management course available as an online degree college level philippines. im inquiring actually on behalf of my husband. Contact details would be me. Airene airenegg@gmail.com and we are currently based in Dubai +971585297509 Are you still there?
 Hello if I’m applying for the Enterpenuer course. Should I be applying for business accounting or business administration Online Ok I have to go back then. Thank u I talked to her yesterday
 online pls is there any way that i can get a scholarship Hello! Aiu online
 whats the minimum gpa for graduate application at Atlanta campus ok yes i completed university of Ghana in 2010 MBA and my GPA IS 2.0
 hello aiu online I'm lookinginto child care for my daughter ok thank you im already enrolled I was just checking for my daughter thank you for your help have a blessed day
 Hi Kristie my high school was Online How do I put it in my application?
 W what is my username and password and I have a password My name is Brenda Casey my email is Brenda Moody Casey@gmail at gmail.com My phone number is 610 803 5 3 7/8
 I’m sorry wat was that last ones? 7pm CST Thank you
 Where is American Intercontinental University located in Arizona. There is a job posting for a position in chandler az and I would like an address for the university. Are you there?
 what is a character to use on my password AUII STARTRD FILLING OUT THE APPLICATION BUT NOW IT WON'T LET ME IN Patricia Herbel 406 203 2597 grannyticktock21@msn.com Yes Sama was her name what is her phone # and I will call her ok thank you
 hello good morning. my name is vinoth. i am from srilanka . can i join the ai university ? i am a  diploma in ict holder .i got the diploma from a local university in srilanka bsc it Ok thanks for your information
 hi i am looking for michael davis we got discconnected spencer cohen 5616140445 spencercoheen@gmail.com i got him thank you
 Hello Trying to get enrolled
 Hi there I am trying to register to take a DSST exam. I called the number for the Houston location with no response. Can you help? Ok thank you!
 Hello. I am taking 1 course for summer and would like to know what the total is for 1 course for this summer. You cant tell me So you dont. Then this chat is waist of time for me. Why you need my info you cant tell me the tuition cost
 how do I verify an individual has graduated from your university? how do I verify an individual has graduated from your university?
 Hi Online What associate degree programs do you have? Oh wow. Nothing for healthcare? How long is that program? Thanks
 Hello there my name is Sandra Jackson and I'm trying to long in to finish my application but my username and password is not working Jsandra044@gmail.com
 Hi Veronica I attended AIU years ago but never completed my bachelors degree How can I find out how many credit hours I have and the courses that I've already taken yes My name is Terriney Guthrie. Phone number is 678-651-3867. Email terrineytv@yahoo.com Ground Media Production terrineytv@yahoo.com sure 10:30-11am Thank you very much. Also on your website where can I go to find the courses needed for my program? Are you there ok thanks
 I was just wondering about some information on my finiacial aid disbursements I'm actually online Yes Yes ive been trying to get in contact but I've seem to get no reply or a call back but thank you Destiny Norman Destinynorman20@gmail.com 9193668211 Yes
 I want to start the online program the AU-ABC program I have completed my associates degree with the Community College of the Air Force Cole McNair 5023779458 cole.mcnair.1@us.af.mil ok cool
 I want to enroll in class to start July 4 are you there
 i am trying to log in but I reset my password and I still cant log in i talk with someone earlier but she hasn't call back so i went on the website to start the application process Cynthia McGee 6625169751 cynthiamcgee76@yahoo.com she was going to call back in a few minutes i was having problem with my computer ok i was able to log in now ok
 Provide Required e-Signature InformationAll of your application documents can be signed at one time by providing the information below.We were unable to authenticate your e-Signature information. Please double check the information that was entered is correct and try again. ok  thank you  i will do that in the morning .
 Hello. ​​​I actually graduated from AIU Online in 2009. I'd like to send my transcripts to a new school but apparently there's a "hold" on my account which is preventing my transcripts from being released. Could you please help me with this? I tried e-mailing "OnlineCollections@careered.com" but got a delivery failure/error. Ok. Thanks.
 Hello good evening I was wondering how can I order my transcripts from you guys Thank you
 I am not inquiring about a particular university today so much as I am investigating which subject I would like to switch my major to. In this case: Business management or business administration And ma'am since I know your name you should know mine: I am Calis The online campus What would you like to begin the discussion with? For what purpose do you need my information? It seems that there has been a miscommunication ma'am. I do not require the assistance of an admissions advisor because I am not seeking admission to the AIU. I am already enrolled full-time at another university
 HEY I NEED TO GET A COPY OF MY UNOFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
 do i already have a account megan jackson meganjackson625@gmail.com 8173958084 that was my phone number are these for online classes im just looking for online campue yes
 hi i need an example of academic goals
 Hello Houston campus Administration \ High school diploma i do apologize for my short responses i am correctly at work but I am also interested in continuing my education. my name is Yanci Menendez email yancino29@gmail.com 8324585441 Thank you very much
 HI I AM THINKING OF RE ENROLLING.I SEE CLASSES START IN 6 DAYS IS THERE TIME? SURE EKEISHA WHITE 786-287-1577 KWHIT01@MSN.COM ELEMENTARY EDUCATION OR HEALTHCARE MGMT SURE THANKS NO
 Online Anything in the medical field I do have some college credit and is there any associates degrees offered? No I’m only interested in 𝕄𝕖𝕕𝕚𝕔𝕒𝕝 since I’m already working in that field Yes I’m interested in the administration one Taishena Lang 8432408266 TLang1983@gmail.com No I’m at work but I will be available later today Anytime after 3pm Okay No thank you Thanks No one at this time Welcome
 Hello Are you there
 hi kim ok got user name but no pssword ok no ok I will no just user name ok got it give a min it not working got it u to ty
 this janie blair need to speak to josa or elizbeth
 Hello I am a former student and i need my student id And password reset Stacey Ellis ellisstacelee@yahoo.com Ellisstaceylee@yahoo.com
 Hi Paul my name is Chandra I am looking for an online program MS -IT not yet I just got to know this from my employer I have a post graduate diploma from an India which is considered BS here India ok I understand thanks
 hie AIU online have a diploma in telecommunications engineering studied in Zimbabwe um failing to access the link you provided thanks  l will keep on trying
 ONLINE BACHELORS IN HEALTHCARE ADMIN Glynis Rozzell-Roberts glynisrozzellroberts@gmail.com 217-381-8219 ok Can you please call me at 702-684-5531?
 I wanting to do online courses Health care administration associate degree And I live in South Carolina I want to go to school to start a daycare Yes. Wydishedewberry@gmail.com 404-893-8823 and my name is Wydishe Tate Yes I am No Ok
 Hello I currently have an Associates Degree in Criminal Justice and I'm looking to start my Bachelor's in Forensic Science and eventually earn a Master's in Forensic Psychology. However I live in South Carolina and I'm hoping to take online courses. I am also a veteran and will be using my GI BILL ok I see that you have a degree called Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice Degree Specialization in Forensic Science is that actually a forensic science degre degree* or is that a criminal justice degree I don't understand the terminology and I want to be sure I am getting the degree I seek Isis Nunez isis_nunez@yahoo.com 2219 Salem Drive East Beaufort SC 29902 Where does my number go to? Because I don't want to give my number out and it go into some website that anyone can access. I finally got a new number because all of the scammers 843 305 9276 ok ok but I was wondering about that one question whether or not the degree is a bachelor's in forensic science or in criminal justice ok thanks ok I can call them when I get a break what is the number please also is this degree "Regionally Accredited"? I work till 1630. However I don't think you all will be open till then What time zone are you in. Maybe it will be 1530 for you
 Will like to know about your cna classes.
 Hello Quiero ver que propuestas tienen para estudiar con ustedes Aaaaa ok donde puedo sacar TOEFL ? Ok
 What does IRL mean Its on my account. AABA18	06/20/2018	IRL	Refund - PELL 2017-18 On my student account where it show you the amount. You dont know what IRL means
 Hello I just wanted to know if I'm on track to start class Jasmyne harper jasmyneharp@yahoo.com 6783827188 Ok
 hello Arica  Atlanta Education and  Health now my question is I have some college education background and a Child Development Associate and a Medical Billing Diploma and do I need to establish a bachelor before the Master. Answer to question Some college and a Child Development Associate . Iand no to out of the country. Ida Samantha Kee  keesamantha31@gmail.com  470-315-5272 Your Welcome Round about 9 am Yes Thank you and can you send that to my email address. please No one at this time.
 Looking to pursue a degree in criminal justice High school  grad.  No I started a application before
 Hi I’m Hamza from Egypt and I want to apply for business administration High school All of them I sutdied in Sudan I’m Egyptian Sudanese I live in Egypt
 Good morning.  I am trying to reset my password but something is blocking me. I would like to complete an application for enrollment as well. Please disregard typos  as I  am using my cell phone. Thanks Sandy No ma'am would that be easier ? Sandy Dailey 615-802-8552 jazzy 0828@yahoo.com I will be reviewing the catalog and scheduling an appointment with admissions. What are you showing? I used my yahoo account. You might have my email using my first and last name at gmail if thats what CAINSD@HOTMAIL. I received am email to reset the password on my yahoo Who is the advisor and I will contact them directly. No I  will contact someone directly and get all of my questions answered. Thanks for your time.
 Online
 Hi AIU Online Bachelor degree in Information technology Got a question. I have 12 + 3 years Bachelor of science degree from India Can I transfer credits to pursue Bachelor here? India I am on work visa H1B Since I am on a work visa I think I would be considered local admission. that is what other university informed me. Name is Prasad Rane email is prasadrane78@yahoo.com phone is 502-554-1857
 Yes may i have your school code
 ok this is all new to me i am going to be 40 years old and now have the time for school not sure what to do next online high school diploma
 Hi Clara can you tell me the email address for your admissions department please I am looking for the online admissions email wonderful can you tell me the address? no I just want the general email address thankyou so much have a great day
 I'm wanting to connect with AIR
 Hey it’s not letting my signature go through is there something I’m doing wrong
 Online I am a current student and this site is down Thanks I hope we can post late without penalty! I've been trying for an hour
 do aiu have any credits to summit to get into colleges can i be able to go to college from aiu online school I am from The Bahamas i  am in grade 11 i was attending a small prep school in the bahamas but my principal doesnt want to give me my report cards and i was supposed to graduate n she told me she has my future in her hands i am interested in highschool so i can finish and go off to college and make my dreams of becoming a pro basketball player well college then
 Good Afternoon I have a quick question. if I wanted to send an email to your university regarding leadership retreats or even student retreats who or where could I send that information? thank you.
 Is there 2 year bachelor degree programs Criminal justice Javia Marie Cooper 8504593961
 Hello Online Do u offer courses online..am in jamaica? High school Yes Nursing Any diploma program to starr Start* What is required to pursue health care management? Ok I will do the evaluating and then requesr more information Thanks Thanks
 online I have an ASS from Atlanta technical college opps AAS I am at work right now 678-519-7505 Patrice Mitchell the1kwaku@gmail.com no I am at work. I do not get off work until 6:30. Monday morning will be better. 9am thank you no one at this time.
 i cant seem to recall my password i am applying for thus spencer mcclain33frozen1time@gmail.com4149981868
 I'm supposed to already be enrolled Scott is who contacted me Call my home phone 6626407118 Christieroberson71@gmail.com Christie Roberson 6623149859 My mothers home phone is 6626407118 call asap will be leaving here soon I am not going to be at my phone so my phone is on the glitch so you need to call my mother's phone ASAP as in right now I've got it right beside of me Are you guys that busy cuz I haven't received a phone call yet my cell phone is on the glitch so you need to call this number ASAP I'll repeat again third time ASAP 662-640-7118
 My name is Frances Brown and I was a student for several weeks last year but didn't finish. Pls check and see if I have a transcript on file.
 Hi one of my questions is wrong to reset password how do go forward with that
 How many required courses for Business Administration? Yes. I have an Associated of Arts Degree in Liberal Arts from Palau Community College. Republic of Palau Are you working at AIU?
 Online Forensic science My application won't let me esign it and I graduated from high school and no Brittany Anders brittanyanders3@gmail.com (740)755-3063 I talked to someone earlier but I don't know if she was an advisor It just says that something I typed in to e sign is incorrect Any time after 9 Ok I'm in Ohio so I'm eastern time so idk what time that is here Ok that would be great no my husband and my father was and no never lived in Georgia Yes but my husband has a dishonorable discharge Ok thank you When I need help my husband will be here to get me through No he is not good with people Nope that is it
 I'm just looking for now.  I'm in a currently MSN program that won't be completed until Fall.  I'm actually looking for information on the IntelliPath program used by your teachers. No not now.  I read about the IntelliPath program on a blog and was trying to find out more information about it. Thank you!  I appreciate your help.  I'm currently at Western Governor's University for similar reasons.  It was very adapative to my specific learning needs and prior experience.  Thanks for your help...I may be back some day for that MBA in Healthcare Admin!
 I recently applied for a position but there was no contact information for a follow up on my application submission at the Atlanta location do you know who I would need to contact ? yes ma'am
 Do you offer electronic devices for online students
 Hi I would like to assess my certificate grom world education services what the procedure MIT I graduated from AIU My name Ashraf ashraf1952@gmail.com 00971553918805 Dunwoody Atlanta Sudan I'm living now in Dubai I want to migration to Canada and the requirements to assess my certificate Give my contact details in AIU Dunwoody No Could you please give email to contact
 Online I am at the end of the application process but wanted to check in something: I have completed about half of the bachelor in healthcare administration with university of Phoenix wcan any of those credits transfer? I haven’t yet Healthcare Alison Adams alison.adams18@gmail.com 860-218-5854 Yes my husband was in the US Airfirce Air Force 1230pm est Should I submit my application now Ok Other than myself I’m Not sure at the moment I have signed and submitted my application Will do and thank you
 hi  am looking for the name and email of your marketing director
 Hello! My name is Lenora I attended AIU many years ago but I did not complete my degree I want to see what will it take to complete the degree with the courses and 20 years of employment experience I have ascertained? Also I need to get 3 official (certified) and 1 unofficial copies of my transcript from AIU Lenora McMillian lenora_34@yahoo.com (571) 239-1910 Thanks! Does AIU perform credit evaluations? What are my next steps to get a PLA to evaluate my credentials? 10AM CST No one that I know of. Thanks for the Parchment and AIU Re-Entry information Okay. Thanks again!
 Hi my name is Virginia and I am looking to continue my degree I was a student online through AIU and would like to continue My last name is Hartman my phone number was 570-472-8947 but is changed to 570-331-5981 and my email was either angelbearmc@yahoo.com or vkopeck@gmail.com yes did someone just try to cal me? sorry ok i am by my phone now we got disconnected
 hi dod you have a number beside the 1800 number listed on the websit? because I am here living in the UAE do you have a number besides the 1800 number where i can call you im intrested in studying with your university but i need some more information well i graduated from high school in the usa and i have some college credits as well but back from 2001 yes but here in the uae military not the united states military el salvador.....salvadorean are you there?
 AIU Online Yes I am currently enrolled in community college right now and I am thinking about trying out one of AIU programs what would be my next steps for me
 Yes May I Chat With Tamika Anderson
 I was wondering if I can go to American intercontinental university bachelor degree program business administration what my phone number good bye yes do you know if I can get tuition at yall university
 How much it is to get a associate degree? nursing or something that has to do with that No I don’t have any military experience I’m only interested in knowing the prices I have being informed about this university
 Enter and confirm your new password Yes phone number Yes email address
 Hi Robin I can sign yet....this agreement is charging $58000.00. I left UCLA with 30 credit left on my BA Degree Mitchell Johnson —-mcjswift7@aol.com—-850 890 0254 11am Central Time Thank you
 Hello I Will like to apply for AIU scholarship program Aloysius  Prince Nyanteh maveeworlah@gmail +321775426312 Anything will be okey for me  sorry i miss my number +231775426312 My Okay
 Hi Robin Actually I'm trying to find out more about the faculty for academic success I don't see anything about that in searches on the website but there is a job posting for FT faculty - academic success. I'm working on my cover letter to apply for the position and wanted to learn more about what it entails Yes I've looked at that site. That's ok.  I understand your focus is on student recruitment.  Thanks anyway!
 hello I cant log in to the vertual campus nope says error - Object reference not set to an instance of an object
 Kim I have started the application process but I do not want to complete it at this time I feel rushed and would like to further weigh my options before completing the applications which is an agreement to enroll from the information I was given Online Reginald Hogue rhogue1979@gmail.com Thank you my number is 5029194479
 HI goodnight i need some more information on you online classes please Also where are you located my son is 14yrs an he want to join do you all give math:s English ok thank you
 Hello My name is Karen. I have a bachelor degree in Tourism and I would like to know if you have master programs in tourism. I am from Ecuador but I am living in USA now. in healthcare do you have nursing? or CPR what courses do you have about healt? health?* ok. thank you so much
 I would like to know if my application can be put on hold till I get my finances in line   thanks Melanie Childs gingerchilds1962@gmail.com 8644233874 Thank You
 Hello I’m trying to apply but my username & password I don’t remember I’ve been locked out of the account Online Kendra Frelix kendrafrelix@yahoo.com 850-460-0035 Anytime No one at the moment
 I am needing a copy of my transcripts.
 Online campu Campus Business administration Kiasha Brown miss_brown113@yahoo.com 3365750518 Yes
 my name  is  Barbara Leveston I can't  get  in  to go  too my classes yes no
 Online Tiffany Inabinett TiffanyInabinett@gmail.com 828-747-6854 Business That'll be great. Can you call my home number 828 215 2481 No
 Please tell me the cost per semester hour health care management strictly online I have already filled out the application with mypersonal information. dwacharlespaul@yahoo.com My phone is in my car and I'm inside working between 8:00 a.m. and 11:00 Tues and Thurs Thanks yes patient administration was my mos Thanks US Army You as well  Thanks again
 I missed a call from y’all today I was wondering can y’all give me a call back tomorrow my name is Jaliah Harvey Marlon I think it was and my advisor because I suppose to start school in july online Jaliah Harvey  Liyahharvey@gmail.com  912-424-3454 Yes Online I already did everything Okay thank you 11:30 can they call this number 912-424-3454 please
 One monthhow much I need to pay for online
 Hi can I sign up for emails/information without being contacted on the phone?
 yes Arica thoughsupposedt that the questions whereII  to be answered truthly so I did andif said for me to talk to the perf and that I cheated.
 I need to change the program how do I do that? Online Yes Patricia Simmons pasimmons@outlook.com I'm in the application I just choose the wrong program I selected healthcare management instance of Business
 yes i am not a good inglês speaker na we tolk in portugues
 I CANT FIND MY ACCOUNT
 How do i sighn up
 hey my name is james Elliott and I'm just trying to figure out why cant I log into my student propal yes but not really haven't on here in like one week also new student ok I'm james Elliott my address is 2933 carriage lane phone 770 256 5373 jameselliott986@yahoo.com yes I am uumm round 10 11
 Hello Liane I wish to apply for a Fulbright Scholarship from Australia and paid from Australia to visit your Ground Campus during August to October next year for research purposes. Would you be able to help me with details of the Research Fellows or Professors in charge of Research please? No it is an Australian initiative and we can apply from here to visit there. Not according to the Fulbright Scholarship applications?
 just looking for a job with General Mills. I have a lot of continued education. I have worked for about 35 years. My name is Ginger Hi Kristie.
 Hello I ordered my transcripts thru parchment.com 3 weeks ago but apparently there is a hold on them ??
 Alesha Green Im trying to get the number for addmission . They have a hold on my transcprit ans Trying to find out why I dont have a copy of many of my transcprit I pay my debt and they took the hold oof I try to order through Parchment but now it saying I have a hold on my account I was a old student 22010838 01/27/1981
 need help resetting my password
 If I don't want to take out a loan do you offer a payment plan if I can provide a large down payment? Bachelors in information technology. I have already submitted the application Crystal Jones 6785363972 my_jones2001@yahoo.com
 My inquiry is based on scholarship for an IT degree. Are there any for aspiring international students?
 Hi Liane Can you please give me the HR phone number? Or put me in contact with a recruiter? Thank you so much Maybe do you guys have hospitality MBA program? and offer online classes? I'll let my friend know about you guys
 l want online learning l need Risk and security management or Civil Engineering if you offer those courses The following is my email mail you please email me masibandamdawini88@gmail.com or my WhatsApp number +263738379161 because now my phone is out of battery OK thank you Criminal justice
 Is the financial aid working today I was told they werent when i called like around 2 Never mind. I guess I was lied to
 Patrick How can I view the programs without giving my information. I want to surf myself instead of a person attempting to pressure
 GOOD MORNING my name is adejare i want to study culinary course in your school and i we like to no more about the details am working as a chef in united arab emirate i want to pursue my career as a professional chef Adejare olayinkayinkaadejare@yahoo.com am leaving in united arab emirate sharjah am a citizen of nigeria +971555542307 yes i have master of Science in business administration from nigeria but i deside to choose Chef as a jobs because i have passion for it we are already in morning in UAE time9am just want to ask about 6 or 3 month  programs
 good evering my name is adrienne I am a student with AIU I need a antivirus for my laptop ok
 how many type bba is there i have just passed 12th std this year in Pune Maharshtra
 I have graduated from Los Angeles campus & looking for someone to request a sealed transcript Thank you Could you please tell me what happened with the LA campus? Fair enough Thanks for your help Bye now
 I am looking for Online courses only I dont know.  I am looking to go back to school to finish my bachelors.  Right now I am Looking at different schools to see where I can transfer the most units and finish my bachelors in the shortest amount of time. My situation is unique in that I have already finished my Doctorate in Chiropractic I need to find out if I can send in my unofficial transcripts to have the evaluated to see what the best bachelors program would fit me best. Thomas La Gabed spine13@sbcglobal.net 916-316-6124 phone is not the best way.  Email is the best way to contact me.  I work 8am to 8pm Mon through friday. I'd like to get an email to an admissions advisor so I can start the process Thanks.  Have a great day
 Houston Campus. Bachelor	Information Technology (BSIT): Specialization in Software Analysis and Development i'm already a forth year student class at faculty of computers and informatics - SCU - Egypt Egypt Thank You! May i have more information about financial aid? Thanks again.
 hi atlanta Bsc International St Kitts at the Caribbean i am a Nigerian i am presently in the USA applied to change my immigration Status but the application is  still pending Want to Start a Masters program what is required of me? Does my status permit me to start the program? I have been given an Employment authorization card and social security 9199495473 Queenet is my name quenbraski@yahoo.com I would like to start in July
 Do u off a bachelors in automotive engineering program. n related thanks how much is BBA IN MANAGEMENT
 Hello I want to know about the studies High shcool diploma Somthing that ir have about Health
 im already in AIU Online alright
 100 Call me Williamakenia83@gmail.com. Kenia 936_201_8382 Yes 1.00 pm Ok
 Is it possible to take only one course not get a degree? Is there a Microeconomics course available?
 I am a student at AIU and Id like to know how I can get a student loan. Do you know of any private loans that I could get? I need to cover some living expenses. private student loans that is Ok
 Hey! I am sitting with a friend and look at their transcripts. they have a TON of courses... an dI am trying to see if they can transfer anything in and how far they'd be from a bachelors degree Kisalan Glover kisalanexp@yahoo.com 312-752-0704 business  or accounting is where many of his credits are No you can call a different number 773-907-4051
 the online classroom is messed up im not sure at the moment name is joseph slabaugh 23922577 Go back to siteError	 Object reference not set to an instance of an object.   at CEC.UI.Web.Common.ControlTemplates.Login.DoVCPreProcess()    at CEC.UI.Web.Common.ControlTemplates.Login.Page_Load(Object sender EventArgs e)    at System.Web.Util.CalliHelper.EventArgFunctionCaller(IntPtr fp Object o Object t EventArgs e)    at System.Web.Util.CalliEventHandlerDelegateProxy.Callback(Object sender EventArgs e)    at System.Web.UI.Control.OnLoad(EventArgs e)    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive()    at System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMain(Boolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPoint)Troubleshoot issues with Windows SharePoint Services. 865-2647346 ok thanks
 Im just trying to take online classes. I need to see if i can get financial aid Whitney sellers Whitneysellers280@gmail.com 606 233 9663 Whats all in healthcare? What kind of jobs can u get with that degree I recieved my GED and i went to my home college for a few months then had to drop out And no. 854 8947 is the number you can reach me on Yes Okay and no
 Online Bachelor Healthcare Management What is it exactly High School and no Monika battaglia tapout97mb@gmail.com 269-425-2170 Anytime Does 9 am work
 Are the credits on the quarter or semester hour? On the transcript are they entered in quarter hour or semester hour? Thank you.
 Hi I spoke to someone i think Christy 2days ago concerning my interest in masters program she said  that someone will call me back but i haven't got a call yet i just wanted to find out if i can enroll with my Pending green card status i have my employment authorization and social security my green card application is pending but i like to start school Queenet is my name
 Hello I'm a graduate of the university and I'm just trying to figure out how I can get a copy of my transcripts How can I obtain an unoffical until I can get the orginial
 Hi I am a graduate from 2011 is there a way fro me to retrieve my Transcript online?
 hi I will like to know how much it will cost me to complete an associate degree program
 how do i get it to except my signature after applying?
 Can you tell me more about AIU campus please ? Business Master Bachelor From Kosovo l got it Thank you for informations
 I need to find my login information. I am a previous student. Jon Weaver cav4life14@gmail.com 91298004493 no one I need my login in information I'm not looking to return but find out when I completed my degree
 Hi I just want to know if there is phd programs in your university Thank you very much Actually I am seeking for physics major Really ?
 Online art classes Criminal justice
 Hello there
 Hey I’m already enrolled in class for July 5 but I wanted to change my major Ok what do I need to do Christopher Peake octay3k@gmail.com 8648711344
 Helo My name is EmilyQuintero I used to be an onlne student My keyboard is super slow I wanted to see how many classes I have left to complete my course and how much it would be to go back Online No sorry I don't have it with me I just decided to check right now and didnt pull out any paperwork maybe if I look at my emails real quick I can find it I think its this number 9533445 I believe im still registered under Emily Marquina And under this old address 249 Litchfield Ave 3473459050 ok Right now I dont know anyone in particular so far the ones I know have or are graduated recently Thank you so much
 Hi when will I know about my application Courtney hill Courtmh1358@gmail.com 2566109625 No and high school. I put in a application to this school Business Thankyou Can you try to call again I accidentally mashed the wrong button Yes . Sorry I touched the wrong button. Please call me again
 hello I was interested in the Cordon Blu Culinary program in Dallas can you help with that?
 I am an alumni of AIU. I received my Master degree in 2004 and I an searching on the site so that I can obtain my transcript. Can you tell me how to do that and what is the cost?
 Hi i filled out my app but at the end it is making me sign a complete agreement i figured it was just an application to see if i would get in nit too commit  i still need to find out if i can get any financial help    it is for a masters so i am not sure if that is possible online Tammy Romeo Tdanceromneo@yahoo.com     or gmail I gave b both     330-651-0340 tdanceromeo sorry i added an extra letter ok
 Hello i was wondering if you had a course schedule? a search engine with all campuses and courses with names of instructors? alright i saw this thanks does the university have any of these area of studies? Architecture Engineering Civil Engineering Industrial Engineering Mechanical Engineering Manufactuing... any of these courses offered at Intercontinental? ok thank you
 hi go fuck urself oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh
 Good Morning I can't remember my login information No I have not. I'll try that now thank you Thank you I really appreciate it !
 im a student trying to log on and I'm having trouble doing so. Is the system ok? thanks I got an error page which is the same one I've been getting the previous times I tried to log on prior to chatting with you ok. thank you
 Hello my name is Ifeoma David. I want to study medical billing and coding  in my master's degree Do you mean what I did in my bachelor's degree? I studied arts combined honours (archaeology and history) No thanks am already doing hospital management with Ashworth Colledge.
 Hi Paul I am looking to go back to school for my Bachelor's Degree in Business Management. I am a single mother of 3 and I work full-time so i need an online course. I also would need financial aid assistance as well No I have not I am currently browsing your website and i decided to ask questions before making a decision to enroll Are you able to tell me the school accreditation? my name is Breah Taylor a good email to reach me on is breah@coactdesignworks.com that is my work email my phone number is (916) 737-6713 but email is better to get in touch with me Monday through friday okay Okay that works Tomorrow evening would be better at 5:00PM or 6:00Pm Thank you Likewise
